<DOC>
<DOCNO> AP890101-0002 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
for student work miniatur factori univers missouri-rolla futur american busi when student go industri state-of-the-art knowledg affect decis expand role robot autom machin workplac said sema alptekin design futurist busi laboratori ms. alptekin mechan industri engin direct univers 's computer-integr manufactur packag laboratori the lab establish two year ago cost 120,000 project kind state one advanc program countri tom aka societi manufactur engin said ms. alptekin creat model similar laboratori student see factori futur oper the societi manufactur engin recogn ms. alptekin outstand young manufactur engin In lab convey belt waist level carri part storag shelf robot domin room like silent 4-foot metal sentri the robot v-shape joint arm pivot base the arm fit allow grasp lift turn object differ size suit varieti task the robot swivel place part posit autom lath mill machin the entir factori would fit insid basketbal half-court the machineri type use make small part metal cut shop ms. alptekin said student learn program comput autom machin link complet manufactur oper retriev raw materi storag shelf unit program suppli appropri part inventori lift place part posit robot 's arm shape part finish product lath student use lab design produc engrav key chain intric maze puzzl plastic plexigla but product le import process ms. alptekin said former student enter field dispar aviat financi consult In factori futur accord university' model human chatter replac click-clack machin our quit uniqu 's total integr ms. alptekin said refer program allow compon autom storag system talk comput control manufactur process inform avail part ms. alptekin said aspect set lab apart even industri robot autom machin becom almost commonplac there said robot perform specif task island autom human worker remain respons keep inventori coordin differ aspect product line ms. alptekin said autom widespread automobil industri would like see expand It use industri said It 's difficult justifi econom qualiti concern easili justifi At least student awar enhanc develop area make decis engin manag take consider said A master 's candid analyz exist system eye alter creat new product ms. alptekin said student identifi new product compon necessari determin could integr system A doctor candid develop comput softwar allow system diagnos the system could program recogn compon work decid switch manufactur product involv disabl compon much human manag would react graduat student bob borchelt said equip use cut edg manufactur truth I ca n't say I expect level expertis said I know lab one best kind educ institut the lab like entir engin manag program call comput mechan electr chemic skill teamwork for u manag entir system import ms. alptekin said ms. alptekin said continu fine-tun lab thi past year origin robot replac one abl perform task she consid purchas robot vision sophist enough act inspector the univers spent 30,000 upgrad lab equip 1987 An estim 60,000 70,000 earmark 1988. intern busi machin corp. recent pledg 1.2 million comput equip softwar univers part ibm program aid 48 college-bas robot lab across countri studi show 's sever nation shortag instruct materi grow critic area said andi russel spokesman ibm ibm benefit help train computer-integr manufactur worker decis maker today tomorrow 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
