<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-997  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
telesel contact manag one part televeel 's 695 packag telesell. P three-part packag manufactur bill lan-to-laptop sale solut come complet three modul first written salesperson document direct contacts. M the second modul one level administr ladder design manag sale advertis forecast groups. P the data salesperson access lan use establish corpor sale revenu advertis figur base data glean individu salesperson 's databases. P the third modul design system administr access record previou two group set system defautl produc system-wid report pull data remot sale forc gener system-wid inform place bulletin board access individu subgroups. P telesel oper varieti network situat includ novel ibm networks. M thi much complex structur one system natur preclud number featur one might expect find single-us system. P telesel includ mani feastur 'll find packag roundup. P built-in word processor calendar absent. P howev telesel user-defin program-list function allow choos four program shell order perform task word process spreadsheet creation analysis. P mark level televel say compani work directli maker wordstar wordperfect lotu 1-2-3 other ensur telesel fulli compat programs. P when shell outsid applic telesel shrink mere 7K ram. M beyond telesel strong actual area contact manag mani review packages. P the heart system salesperson 's modul associ menu choos updat creat contact make call display and/or updat to-do list bulletin board access member group print letter compos anoth program creat reports. M you list unlimit number contact per compani multipl individu product compani database. P thi provid extraordinari flexibl compani mani product contact must serv singl salesperson. P telesel client-databas screen compos 24 user-customiz field well scroll area list unlimit number contact actions. M unlik program salespro telesel automat determin number local long distanc add area code number usual local dial field. P user text-search appoint to-do list telesel 's uniqu everywher featur search string user 's databas well everi databas system secur access. M telesel handl standard mailmerg task includ import boilerpl text envelop label printing. P the program aslo work fax-cap program comwav gammalink give fax capabl well. M telesel includ excel context-sensit on-lin help facil video tutori make instal startup rel painless. M although lack mani function round feature-list contact manag packag telesel system dedic task hand succe admir strick contact sale inform management. P for compani larg small would difficult find effici way gather manag vital sale information. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
