<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-499  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
plu develop corp the plu develop passport editor 's choic septemb 13 1988 issu now-legendari versatil eas instal use. P inde 1,454 2.5-pound 1.3-by-5-by-7-inch hwd remov hard disk 28-millisecond access time patent airlock automat head-park system becom standard remov hard disk measured. M As advertis passport instal simpli quickly. P I secur isa-bu rll control card single-unit base hous 286-base PC 's limit comput help one small screwdriver. O plu make control mca machin well P I use excel instruct manual partit format access use disk. P for question I concern conflict hard disk alreadi instal comput passport plu develop 's abl technic staff help point refer document I missed. M I follow instal month use passport boot disk copi content hard disk repetit fashion reformat repartit recopi ad eras file run access-intens databas commun program use disk-defragment program gener thing normal hard disk system see lot differ softwar uses. P it 28-ms. P access time theoret ca n't compar like 16-ms. P hard disk exist practic I never felt speed difference. P addit time passport act like steadi unflapp screw-mount 40mb hard disk. P It store deliv data without much cough. M perhap greatest danger remov hard disk particular plain old gravity. P plu develop advertis 150g shock rating. P In order test I devis number scientif test may want tri home least purpose. P first I tri highli scientif drop desk test. P not even scratch thing boot comput everi time. P next I resort drop floor test. P again passport whir away face adversity. M I up ant special cloth-briefcas test consist one full month 's travel PC magazin offic bottom nylon carry-bag san protect case via new york citi subway system. O the passport fare better I surviv heat vibrat metal turnstil occasion sprint train one viciou kick angry-look man busi suit. P each morn boot comput never left half-height home. M As final test I sent passport separ vacat three locat around countri via overnight feder express. P In fair time I enclos littl beast protect ab plastic case sturdi box. P each time return box look consider le sturdi passport protect case look act fine. M not plu passport prove abl survivor quit useful. P sensit file could remov night weekend taken lock away confid 'd wait next time I need them. P As far data storag concern confid name endur game. P It 's game plu passport appear handily. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
