<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-665-495  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
5,000 color In focu 's 5,995 lcd panel the 5000cx PC viewer In focu system 5,995 vga-resolut lcd project panel establish new standard color project displays. P while panel still match tradit analog display devic see sidebar one come closer produc full-color imag see typic monitor. O the 5000cx capabl produc nearli 5,000 difer color accord In focu product specifications. M the 7.5-pound panel us tstn tripl super twist nemat technolog design develop patent In focu systems. P the design us thin leaf plastic either side lcd layer correct color shift increas contrast. P thi replac double-twist design use lcd layer ad thick panel. M the 5000cx us three separ lcd layers. P these color cyan yellow magenta rather red green blue use crt monitors. P becaus lcd panel produc mani discret shade minor project color alway match monitor 's image. M the color look great however. P there excel balanc cyan magenta yellow levels. P trim adjust side panel let fine-tun image. P I found difficult improv factori set however. M with 5000cx blue blue yellow vivid. P red shade tend slightli off. P some pink purpl shade shift red side spectrum light green shade dark. P despit overal effect striking. P In instanc panel troubl vertic ghost It display band light part imag wash vertic stripe screen. P but effect could minim adjust pictur controls. M from technic standpoint panel perform would expect highen project panel. P the contrast ratio high nearli 10 1. P On hand light absorpt also high despit tstn design panel soak nearli 94 percent light projector. P becaus focu recommend use projector 650-watt ratings. M the panel also featur built-in cool fan front panel control duplic remot control. P the 5000cx support signal cga ega vga adapt well macintosh. P If want drive monitor time panel need option vga breakout box cost 199.95. M for absolut top qualiti project color imag still need go project video rang cost thousand dollar 5000cx. P projector far le transport difficult instal maintain. P If color almost good monitor good enough need project system easili portabl 5000cx best bet. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
