<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-766-197  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the number one issu today say jim fitzgerald manag technic support borland 's languag product get inform hand user and one best way provid inform argu electron bulletin board system. P unlik one-to-on phone support say bulletin board help user tap knowledg otherwis lost isol hard drive sticki note brain engin M but set bulletin board n't easi seem fitzgerald concedes. P To succeed bulletin board attract critic mass enthusiast user provid comfort environ peopl talk We ask fitzgerald advic creat success bb M emphas support advanc user bulletin board typic M attract high level messag activ user technic M product like languag fitzgerald point out. P borland get M roughli 1,000 telephon support call day databas M product 300-400 call languag product M product gener level bb activ 1,000 messag M per week. P bb user want access sophist M engin want get touch peopl understand M busi applic well M stay involv one benefit bulletin board M reduc compani 's overal tech support burden. P fitzgerald say M borland answer 5 -10 question user M post bbs. P but borland technician regularli monitor M messag accuraci completeness. P To set bulletin M board doom failur says. M almost everi engin languag group particip M bulletin board way M reward activ user peopl realli enjoy share M knowledg fitzgerald say borland also tri reward M expert bb user provid gener on-lin help. M these user becom part team borland group receiv M free softwar access beta version occasion M reimburs connect charges. P borland also fli team M borland member california everi year parti M meeting. P whatev 's almost enough. M they 're peopl make happen M have public presenc even though borland gener M enough messag traffic justifi oper in-hous bb M system fitzgerald say compani prefer oper bulletin M board servic like compuserv geni M servic attract high-volum messag traffic. P compuserv M particularli good bb environ the depth knowledg M far greater bulletin board I 've seen. P If I M way I 'd like whole planet compuserv borland M oper in-hous bb user reli chiefli M download upload file fitzgerald note M Do n't censor messag traffic you ca n't even allow M percept censor anyon 's messag say fitzgerald. M when custom post list bug borland product M exampl borland may attach explan comment M n't tri remov lists. P peopl love 're M forthright honest M jim fitzgerald manag technic support/languag product borland intern 1800 green hill rd. scott valley calif. P 95066 408/439-1247. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
