<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-692-063  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
tektronix inc. last year big news color printer qm colorscript 100 model 10 first color postscript printer 10,000. O thi year price breakthrough old hat demonstr phaser PX tektronix inc. P with list price 7,995 phaser PX tektronix 's lowerst price postscript-compat color printer get danger close truli affordable. M built around custom engin manufactur sharp phaser PX offer 300-dpi resolut brilliant color output tektronix 's color postscript-compat interpret well hpgl mode. P As ad bonu printer panton certified. M On PC lab test printer bit slower rate speed text speed 1.27 ppm three-color roll. P As expect graphic speed far slower come 0.29 gppm. P but cours color graphic printer output qualiti far import speed. M As alreadi indic color output noth short gorgeou brilliant color 300-dpi resolution. P thi prove tru transpar well output thermal transfer paper. P the black white graphic notabl crisp clean line solid area fill even black. P the scanned-in photo retain requisit detail shade thermal transfer paper transparencies. M text gener leagu graphic notabl exceptions. P On PC lab font featur test exampl courier upper-cas C consist print jag notch lower-cas d. P interestingli problem seem confin courier fonts. P At least n't show font test includ time roman helvetica palintino. M the tektronix version postscript notabl print statu page test unlik mani postscript clones. P the primer come full suit 36 typefac accord tektronix accept type 1 type 3 download fonts. M set phaser PX simpl enough thank fold-out page entitl instal printer P the tricki part load enclos three-color transfer roll. P howev aft instal troubl subsequ attempts. M two notabl featur printer 's abil connect three differ comput serial port parallel port appl talk port automat queu print job limit memory. P you also use disk-bas setup program set phaser PX one port default hpgl mode anoth default postscript mode. P use printer trivial sinc controls. P simpli load softwar instal color postscript. P A microsoft window 3.0 page-descript file phaser PX come on-disk. M one mirror problem ran font featur test letter-s paper printer lost 1.5 line text top. P the larg margin result roller maintain accur registr page pass printer multipl times. P tektronix say get full 8.5-bi 11-inch imag use legal-s paper. P and inde tri test larger paper top line half appear page promised. M legal-s paper largest printer handle. P A nice touch one tray adjust either legal- letter-size. P capac 100 sheet thermal transfer paper 50 sheet transparencies. P cost per page includ paper transpar vari 0.18 per page use black ribbon letter-s paper 1.74 per page four-color ribbon legal-s transparency. P with legal-s page cost 0.57 per page four-color ribbon 0.46 per page three-color ribbon. P the option printer 1,500 memori upgrad 6mb 10mb. M tektronix stress phaser PX aim primarili produc transpar boardroom-level graphic 've seen printer definit fill need. P significantli 7,995 phaser PX lower list price either obviou competitor qm colorscript 100 model 10 nec colorm ps. P It remain seen list price translat lowest street price hte phaser PX certainli contender. M bill o'brien alfr poor M. david stone contribut editor PC magazine. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
