<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-917  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
pursuit pursuit version 2.2 inform manag consult function standard contact manag best describ autom market package. P the packag 's strongest point abil defin follow market campaign. P pursuit written run-tim applic dataflex relat databas program price 795 single-us do version 1,895 novel network version 2,895 xenix version M market focu M To autom market campaign pursuit first creat one market paths. P when start contact given path pursuit automat schedul form letter brochur mail follow-up phone call even fax fax option. P thi save chore manual schedul ensur noth get overlooked. M anoth notabl strenght custom flexibility. P As ship program come 40 field includ market oper like use. P If need creat second data-entri screen 15 field index eight sort searches. P you also creat person help system answer common question customers. P pursuit come 50 predefin report well sophist queri function let defin custom report needed. P the number report save limit disk space. M other featur includ calendar autodeal full-featur word processor. P the month-at-a-gl calendar notabl tight integr contact track function. P you view detail list given day chang date time item list chang automat appear contact record. P although actual to-do list screen calendar detail list effect provid one. M for sophist mail-merg pursuit export data file microsoft word wordperfect multim wordstar format. P the packag includ word process program call dwp actual newword wordstar twin. P As ship pursuit import csv cr/lf format file inform manag consult say import modul format provid request charg even compani write modul scratch. M structur shortcom M As strong pursuit featur notabl weak eas learninng eas use. P with except pop-up box program look feel harken back earli day pcs. P the menu format present number list overwhelm 24 choic singl screen 11 choic main menu. P you choos option type number highlight choic arrow key strike enter. M anoth disadvantag menu thay lack logic consist self-explanatori structure. P for exampl three choic main menu account follow-up maintain account account mainten could mean thing. P too often 'll search menu find option want. M other shorcom includ poorli organ manual weak on-lin help. O inform manag consult state sinc peopl n't read manual provid perfect support rather perfect manual P and inde call technic support line compani train free. P howev support avail 8 a.m. P 5 p.m. P central time pay call. M pursuit mix bag strong functionality. P howev want basic contact manag packag learn minimum fuss bother 'll certainli want look elsewhere. P If make use automat schedul function emphasi autom market step learn curv may worth conquering. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
