<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-673-481  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
televideo system inc. televideo tele386 onc known manufactur network termin televideo 's product line includ 80386-base machin 33-mhz environment. P televideo 's tele386 outstand exampl genr configur standard 4mb ram 200mb hard disk vga display system 7,609 price tag outdist major field. P perform potenti televideo 's on-sit servic support packag make machin worth look though. M televideo 's eight-slot motherboard enigma sorts. P while televideo claim board silk-screen emblem stick-on label pronounc board 's point origin wong 's electr co. P Be may 's mask motherboard 's performance. P while discret logic make lack larg scale integr 80386 chip set ami provid bio motiv machine. P An intel 82385 cach control manag 64k 20-nanosecond static ram. P togeth 4mb block 80-ns. P system ram tele386 motherboard manag rank solidli among top performers. P Be mind one hand motherboard use either system video bio shadow garner position. M memori expans provid motherboard maximum 8mb addit upgrad beyond level requir plug-in memori card tele386 's proprietari 32-bit slot. P the add-in board carri 100-ns. P simm extrem slow 33-mhz computer. P normal cach absorb dispar 's like system could experi three wait state cach miss. M atyp mani system review televideo 's choic hard disks. P It 's 539 maxtor lxt-200 scsi hard disk buck trend machin usinf embed AT drive controllers. P whether 's rela perform gain dubiou sinc drive liter clobber do file access test use small records. P the scsi interfac come better light view result test use larg records. O here interfac 's inher faster throughput potenti boost drive top five. M for compani made name video termin one would hope video great televideo. P the realiti tele386 's 13-inch televideo/samsung vm200 video system show great appear PC lab suit video tests. P On direct screen test display 's 16-bit western digit vga card paradis chip set score reason 2.08-second time direct write video hardware. P howev system becom recalcitr ask perform video bio routin function nearli slowest time test group. P thi board video option televideo list 's easi workaround. M the document ship tele386 review arriv prereleas format packet galley proof pages. P If print manual retain content galley prove help owner modicum person comput expreri mani le help guid inexperienc users. M televideo back tele386 one-year part labor on-sit servic plu corpor person buyers. P despit class A fcc certif releg machin offic environ document describ class B device. P our assumpt class B rate pend fcc despit televideo 's failur provid certif number verifi upgrade. P even rel high price comput might intimid potenti home buyers. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
