<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-907  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
pro ell promot program sale profession move O pro ell sale manag system tightli focus need travel salesperson. P As would expect direct limit program 's use applications. P pro ell version 1.9 would poor choic telemarket fund rais 149 per user site licens avail program good job serv salesperson go. M sale manag system design pro ell use odd moment throughout day car appoint example. P It easi learn use menu data-entri screen larg self-explanatory. P the choic main menu includ setup client file sale report expens entri report util mail list report labels. P you make select type first letter menu choic highlight choic hit enter. M the fulli descript menu choic make program 's intern logic clear even newcom find feature. P there on-screen help also littl need it. P the manual notabl short well-written point. M independ databas M not surprisingli 'll find featur particular interest outsid sale expens track report list client steet within zip code field show hour oper day week. M pro ell 's focu emphas way handl sale territories. P It allow 100 databas databas consist one territory. O except featur let reassign contact recrod differ territori databas independent. P the benefit salesperson maintain territori databas portabl comput road. P A sale manag updat system simpli copi latest file sale person 's computer. P the drawback way produc report includ one territory. M given realiti hard disk yet preval portabl system sale manag system wise chosen keep program 's size minimum. P unlik program tele-mag us 1mb disk space pro ell easili fit onto one 720k floppi disk 310k spare. P accord manual system one 720k floppi disk drive room 350 client records. P A system two 720k floppi disk drive room 500. M improv TO come M pro ell notabl limitations. P As ship client record room three contact name two phone number customizable. P the client screen come 20 field eight allow chang name. P there way add fields. M other limit show text editor lack basic function like block move mail-merg featur 's limit insert address salutation. P final note featur date stamp time stamp allow one line text note. P the export featur limit gener csv format file mail-merg word processor. P import also limit csv format 45 option. M extra appoint calendar phone dialer password secur missing. P accord sale manag system calendar phone dialer addit field improv text editor hotkey do multilin note time stamp ad upcom pro ell plus. O thi version becam avail octob releas late evalu here. P pro ell pluss also avail 495 network-bas version call pro ell lan. M pro ell best describ minimalist packag includ featur suffici cases. P If organ luxuri portabl pc equip hard disk drive 'll want look elsewhere. P but tool help sales-peopl keep track contact floppi disk-bas portabl pro ell good choice. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
