<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-673-489  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
tenex comput express M tenex 386c-33 M power column M when get right 's realli noth remark anoth 33-mhz 386 tower enclosur 4mb ram 150mb hard disk vga display system. P but discov mail-ord machin two-year warranti first year cover on-sit servic tie 3,965 price tag packag back swift solid comput perform almost hear hand slap wallet leather get credit card number. M the tenex 386c-33 power column close resembl swan comput arrang three larg front-mount power reset turbo mode buttons. P here distinct made color button denot function. P As swan enclosur legend case suffici indiscern distanc mandat visibl mark separ turbo reset buttons. P the case hold five half-height drive three front access capability. P As test power column hold 1.2mb 1.44mb floppi disk drive well micropoli hard disk. P tenex opt 200-watt dtk power suppli system add second cool fan event actual fill drive bays. M the power column 's eight-slot motherboard 16-bit isa bu come dtk system bios. P thi n't high-tech motherboard means. O discret compon use almost exclus replac typic larg scale circuit would normal employ 80386 chip set processor ram cach controller. P nonetheless dtk motherboard offer plenti comput prowess. P it perform among PC lab 80386 instruct mix floating-point calcul convent memori test give firm foothold within top third machin reviewed. M the dtk board come 64k 20-nanosecond cac ram accommod 8mb on-board system memori expansion. P beyond tenex suppli 105 memori expans board system 's 32-bit proprietari slot fill rate approxim 90 per megabyt 16mb maximum limit. M A 15.30-second 150mb micropoli hard disk came system notabl slow result do file access somewhat mislead drive 's actual perform capability. P the esdi control standard system contain 32k disk cach disabl testing. P with cach effect expect mark improv drive 's access performance. M video perform caveat machine. P the 16-bit gener vga board trident chip set ran far averag 2.52 second direct screen test video hardware. P howev video bio routin time much line competition. P It 's quit probabl video bio shadow gave th video card need boost performance. M tenex go histori supplier fine manuals. P four booklet includ system cover motherboard case video card i/o board. P cardboard bound three hole punch experienc user find chock full inform technic setup variou compon novic ventur mail-ord purchas make note tenex 's phone support line. M document asid number support servic plu tenex make system quit desirable. P first foremost compani 's 30-day free trial polici let see system oper use see it. P the compani 's two-year warranti basic phone servic part swap problem physic rather procedur n't hurt. P and first year warranti tenex even dispatch trw site situat get hand. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
