<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-662-123  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
advisor M calculator-equip M keyboard M I tri find compani manufactur distribut keyboard calcul built right side. P can helf M gari nusca M hamilton ontario M canada M microlab farmington hill michigan full line pc calculator-equip keyboard sell 79. P the calcul battery-pow oper separ PC key compat problem also mean 's way past calcul result document M the focu 5001 keyboard also extra set function key one across top anoth two column along left side P It 's design use replac standard at-styl keyboard may work comput keyboard though check microlab 313-474-7711 order 're plan replac anyth ibm keyboard. M the compani also offer keyboard option line 386 386sx pcs. M ad memori TO A laptop M I nec powerm SX plu came standard 2mb ram. P howev I 'm use window 3.0 I would like add anoth 2mb. P appar necha configur system way memori expans achiev purchas nec expans board 1,800 2mb. P thi unfair amount pay standard upgrad especi sinc laptop littl 2,000. M Is possibl instal addit ram way M scott stall M rancho cucamonga california M there 's alway anoth way though voic usual restrict laptops. M laptop design intric owner make upgrad fortun memori exception. M first sourc intern sell memori upgrad wide varieti laptop includ nec powermate. M memori price chang frequent weather state quot late septemb A 1- 2mb upgrad kit cost 375 win 1mb onboard second MB kit cost addit 292. M A 4- 8mb board cost 992 4mb alreadi place kit add 4mb cost 875. M first sourc intern locat aliso viega calif. reach compani 800-535-5892. M the search for the elus M laptop cursor M I find cursor compaq lte 286 nearli invis I use wordperfect 5.0. P Is patch altern convert blink line cursor blink solid box readili seen M roy W. menning M topeka kansa M there coupl inexpens program take strain edit laptop. M both no-squint II cursor enhanc skisoft publish lexington mass O 800-662-3622 49.95 ezc smart cursor tripl S softwar corona calif. 714-278-3780 37.95 let make cursor larger varieti option shape cursor takes. M switch config.si M AT boot time M I read back program allow set configur inform boot time. P I rememb think interest program one I would never use. P I never say never M I number differ config.xxx autoexec.xxx file I select via a. P bat file reboot system make change. P I would much like specifi configur boot time. M rev. P lloyd lander jr. M bartlesvil oklahoma M the program 're think written PC magazain 's assembl languag ace michael mefford publish novemb 29 issue. M unlik util publish config.ctl devic driver instal config.si file. P comfig.ctl pop menu boot time let choos configur option care set. M It wo n't affect autoexec.bat file though. P do 's batch languag provid statement 'd need write autoexec.bat file let choos option boot procedur execut them. P with batch file command errorlevel paus 'd abl write autoexec.bat file let choos setup. M If n't feel write autoexec.bat file may want use batch file one reader submit user-to-us column august 1990 issue. M thi batch file reconfig.bat let choos among sever config.si autoexec.bat file reboot system automat put chang effect immediately. M you download config.ctl august user-to-us column PC magnet. O see page 8 issu subscripton information. M A screen blanker M for window 3.0 M befor I acquir window 3.0 I use automenu mage enterpris organ access programs. P It also screen-sav featur would blank screen certain time passed. M can suggest vendor program M john hafey M cleveland ohio M there screen saver two window util toolkit sold hdc redmond wash. P 206-885-5550 M In hdc window express get screen saver blank screen 's activ minute. M In hdc first app get sophist screen saver. P you choic whether monitor complet blank whether full-screen graphic take over. P you choos sever color graphic includ anim use graphic choic possibl display compani logo even portrait 's bmp format. M also hdc first app screen saver let set period inact let instal password requir display returns. M ask the advisor M send question PC advisor one park avenu new york NY 10016 upload PC magnet see instruct join page 8 issu P sorri person repli possible. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
