<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-692-045  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
qm inc In last year 's printer project qm colorscript 100 model 10 took home editor choic honor larg part provid true adob postscript support full color break 10,000 price barrier. P thi year printer back 8,995 list price also rang new features. M the import chang doubl instal memori printer 4mb 8mb. P thi extra memori make room larger font cach space download fonts. P the extra ram appear give printer signific perform boost well. P text speed slightli faster more-import graphic speed test year' model 10 third faster last year 0.6 gppm print graphic image. M qm thrown goodi sweeten pot. P the printer come free legal-s four-color ink roll four-color legal-s roll reduc price per-pag cost letter-s roll 0.62 per page includ paper. P roll come two-to-the-pack get 85 page letter-s roll 70 legal-s roll. P you get black-onli roll either size per page cost better letter-s 0.18 compar 0.21 legal-s three-color roll letter-s come 0.53 per page P you also need use special paper best results. M qm bundl hpgl emul printer use cost 199 option. P thi disk-bas emul get download printer. P We n't test featur may use print chart program offer plotter support postscript. M qm also increas confid 300-dpi thermal-transf mitsubishi print engine. P the rate duti cycl printer rais 3,000 page per month 1,200. P and warranti increas compani full year. M By larg printer maintain attract features. P It parallel serial appl talk interfac ports. P there scsi port well connect extern hard disk storag download font images. P there color separ switch allow print black imag four-color imag make printout four imag use creat print plate color print processes. P the printer fairli easi set get run though instal chang ribbon requir step designs. M further printer panton certifi even come util print 36 page show 700 panton colors. P most color creat use dither pattern match quit good darker shade model 10 output appear dark off-color compar certain lighter panton colors. P still color quit true output use color proof msot discern eyes. M qm execut presum decid better keep printer' price stabl increas valu ad features. P now under- 10,000 postscript color-print race get bit crowd alreadi see competit bring price down. P the colorscript 100 model 10 much improv last year 's win design newcom alreadi charg knock top hill. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
