<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-101  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
new amp improv M sixteen M pages-per-minut M postcript from TI M texa instrument microlas XL seri small footprint upgrad postscript printer promis output 16 page per minute. O measur 10.8 15.8 16.6 inch hwd microlas XL ship three model standard XL HP laserjet seri II emul 500k ram XL ps17 adob postcript interpret 17 scalabl font 1.5mb ram XL ps35 35 postcript fonts. P other featur includ abil store four user-defin printer configur total ram capac 4.5 MB one parallel port serial/appl talk port 145 option 250-sheet intern paper drawer abil print varieti paper type letter legal half-lett transpar labels. M the microlas XL also includ 16-charact lcd display word abbrevi rather code let user select font paper drawer ang page orientation. P An option 500-sheet paper tray expand print capac 750 page without refilling. P sinc option postscript board piggyback onto XL countrol board standard XL model upgrad postcript field. P texa instrument claim microlas XL handl 25,000 page per month printer ship one-year warranty. M upgrad micro M channel alr M advanc logic research introduc modular processor system mp upgrad micro channel 386. P start 1,995 33-mhz 386 featur 16k smart cach 32-bit bus-mast capabl system upgrad 25- 33-mhz 486. P the base configur includ 1mb ram memori expand 49mb one high-dens 3.5-inch floppi disk drive system suport total four 3.5-inch storag devic 150-watt power suppli eight expans slot includ four 16-bit mca two 32-bit mca two proprietari slot cpu memori expansion. P the alr micro channel-compat vga adapt requir option add 300 quot price. P the system measur 6 15 17 inch hwd weigh 35 pound ship standard one-year warranty. M train wheel M for window M the microsoft product pack design help user work better window 3.0. P the packag offer three modul learn window work smarter quick troubleshooter. M the learn window modul interact tutori offer lesson sever categori includ get start window essenti work applic file manag program manager. M work smarter provid 45 tip thing faster easier. P the program teach user switch effici applic creat ram drive more. M the quick troubleshoot design simul technic support call walk user problems. P user learn basic problem solv like printer wo n't print more-advanc problem solv creat delet swapfil 386 enhanc mode. P the inform troubleshoot cross-referenc user go deepli inform orsh want go. M microsoft also begun ship the microsoft offic windows. P thi packag combin three compani 's busi applic window 3.0. P includ packag microsoft excel spreadsheet word window word processor microsoft powerpoint present graphic program P the microsoft offic contain disk document three product new manual design instruct user use applic togeth effectively. P the suggest retail price the microsoft offic window 995. M do window for unix M for sparcstat user need access do applications. P insignia solut announc program emul ibm PC at. P softpc enabl user run multipl do session singl sparcstation. P the program run suno take advantag suno featur also provid featur do 3.3. P A freez featur let sun workstat user place suno applic hold run do application. P softpc' file-shar architectur handl text file convers suno do thu make unix directori appear ms-do environment. O multipl softpc window run concurr softpc support lim memori expans allow user access 4mb memory. M six new v.42bi M modem gvc M gvc technolog announc six modem incorpor latest v.42bi data compress afford price. P the sm-96 699 extern desktop v.32/v.42 9,600-bp modem v.42bi data compress mnp level 5 error correction. P the inten half-card sm-96h featur sm-96 list 629. P the 299 fm-9624 desktop 259 fm-9624h intern fax modem featur 9,600-bp send/rec fax 2,400-bp data modem. P for laptop user 271 mm-24v pocket-s modem featur v.42bi mnp level 5 speed 9,600 bps. P the sm-96 899 desktop modem featur extend leas line support allow commun 2-and 4-wire leas lines. P the sm-96 featur phone jack dial-up leas line telephon connections. M wysiwyg math M process M design scienc introduc PC version mathemat equat editor. P run microsoft window mathtyp allow user build mathemat equat use standard point click techniques. P for basic mathemat construct fraction integr mathtyp provid templat consist symbol empti slots. P user select -screen icon fill slot build equations. P mathtyp provid 120 templat 150 mathemat symbols. P user save 32 macro select font adjust size space posit charactes. P equat may transfer window clipboard save encapsul postscript ep file tiff window graphic metafil wmf screen graphic aldu placeabl metafile. P mathtyp support dynam data exchang dde includ macro design form seamless interfac wysiwyg word processor word window ami professional. P design scienc also promis mathtyp work windows-bas word processing/pag layout program program accept. P ep file wordperfect 5.0 microsoft word 5.0 xerox ventura publish ibm interleaf publisher. M util get grip M your graphic M oper theori rolodex sometim faster comput market street softwar announc grip graphic manag util allow user creat 3- 5-inch imag card files. P but 's one featur within grip 's grasp. P grip also allow user captur screen .pcx format view graphic imag on-lin claim manufactur print imag le 10 seconds. P user print four size thumbnail fifteen per page four per page ID inform includ one per page grip-dex three rolodex-s imag per page P user may also manipul color imag well print imag binari file imag index specif graphic inform standard do inform imag mode resolution. O grip retail 89.95. M new program M bring graphic M To account M evolv new windows-bas financi analysi tool absolut solut bring graphic power account package. P evolv promis transform data account packag flexibl financi statement busi ratio budget cash flow report chart graphs. O integr microsoft excel evolv oper window 3.0 environ transform data evolv format. P user accumul account data one month five year view display prepar financi statement auditor even output tax program softview 's taxview. M new pim M project manag M time/design 's person inform manag gear toward profession manag project peopl plans. P base chrono software' who-what-when softwar timebas allow user schedul priorit deleg multipl activ well follow-up varieti projects. O timebas 's project manag featur includ project track gantt chart mileston resource-level deadlines. M other featur includ do gate allow user move directli applic abil cross-refer activ contact telephone/address directori auto-dial mail list manag mail label gener memo processor popup calendar to-do list alarm clock calculator. P user print 14 includ report types. M timebas 's inform also print small-format paper use time/design 's paper-bas manag system. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
