<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-137  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
dell comput corp weigh chunki 16.5 pound travel configur two batteri AC adapt editor 's choice-win dell 316lt kind portabl comput want shoulder 're run late plane. P but point P A machin good deserv perman place desk. M the 16-mhz 386sx-base 316lt price 3,399 2mb ram 40mb hard disk 700 le expens time march 13 1990 review. P given price includ one year on-sit servic xerox 316lt start leg competition. M person I n't need evalu on-sit servic part equation. P after six month use machin part fine though piec le pleas others. P I grown use stiff 83-key keyboard exampl layout excel includ 12 full-siz function key across top. M some peopl look 316lt well look mine call review unit 's detach backlit vga screen muddy. O I disagree. P My machin 's display dark patch horizont band problem n't serious. P I enjoy test screen pc-usa pc-globe two vibrant packag full map use hatch pattern monochrom screen substitut color. P the 316lt admir job display maps. P My biggest complaint screen appli lcd portabl system you face display full-front wo n't see thing. P travel salesperson whiz-bang present keep mind number peopl watch present limited. M the 40mb hard disk interest mostli uninterest It 's fast quiet trouble-free. P more intrigu 316lt 's power handl strategies. P when one-and-a-half pound batteri die gener 90 minut minim disk access I warn given chanc pop batteri stick new one without shut machine. P An overs AC power brick also accompani unit. M I compat complaint 316lt. P To test I transfer good portion desktop hard disk use 316lt like everyday system. P noth went wrong. M My limit experi dell 's technic support staff anonym experiment phone call place variou time day question vari technic difficulti satisfactori good dell desktop PC owner report recent servic reliabl survey septemb 25 1990 P the aspect tech support critic length time sometim took get call answer though 5-minut wait n't bad compar tech support line i'v called. M just portabl 316lt P not portabl enough though system seven pound realli is. P machin hamper weight also hang slightli diagon carri handl mount off-center. P hold one way top angl scratch thigh. P hold way bottom angl scratch calf. P though contribut editor bill o'brien call machin tidi refer low-weight factor evalu express admir fact 386 process power sizabl hard disk could portabl all. P As potenti piec luggag way I look portabl pc 316lt heavy. M curmudgeonli pontif asid I appreci engin gone dell 316lt. P No need reconsid editor 's choic winner. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
