<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-732-907  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
plx put lan chip On PC buse M plx technolog announc plan 90x0 famili bu master interfac chips. P with small amount glue logic adapt popular lan chip intel 's 82596 nation semiconductor 's dp83932 TI 's tms380c16/4 standard expans bu pc/at micro channel eisa P there also gener version 486-like control signals. P each chip specif one interfac shown tabl 1. P they differ complex bu master interfac chip technolog 82c614 micro channel intel 's 82355 eisa chip-specif intend work peripher chip on-chip fifo buffer dma address regist allow featur elimin interfac chip. P the lan chip design resid processor' local bu plx chip adapt PC expans buses. M In past plx known pld hefti 48-ma outputs. P the combin logic power driver use direct drive bu control line plx 's earlier bu interfac product base program version chips. P the latest chip howev use standard-cel technolog provid higher integr greater programmability. P By use flexibl design adapt chip bu larg famili product creat minimum investment. M the design develop bustek small santa clara-bas compani previous respons ncr 's 86c05 see mu PR 11/89 p. 15 bu master interfac control strap-select mode pc/at micro channel eisa nubus. P although initi focus chip design bustek evolv toward board-level products. P current offer set board base ncr chip plan offer least one product base plx chip. P bustek chairman peter harvey say intel 's 82596sx aggress market price-wis expect AT board combin intel ethernet control plx interfac high-volum product. M the chip fabric use 1.2-micron cmo process use foundri servic provid s-mo seiko P they specifi 90 mA max suppli current packag 128-pin pqfps. M interfac architectur M all interfac describ gener block diagram shown figur 1. P In case commun chip design oper bu master cpu 's local bus. P the interfac chip translat control signal cpu-lik cycl gener commun chip control signal expans bus. P It also control buffer latch expans bu on-board bu enabl peripher board bio rom ID byte 16-byte ID rom. M the upper address bit must decod extern bio rom address bit 16 13 decod interfac chip allow locat size bio rom programmable. P In micro channel eisa system ID byte gate onto bu system bio softwar interrog slot power-on automat system configuration. P In pc/at system set-up mode interfac chip automatci load ID byte intern configur registers. M the interfac chip four 8-bit regist control bu interfac commun chip. P the configur regist map i/o address space expans board ID bytes. P about half control statu field configur regist ident implement type interfac simplifi write driver famili product base differ plx interfac chips. P the half specif expans bu commun chip. M the nine field common plx 's chip M enabl i/o card enabl board normal oper clear hard reset. P On micro channel eisa bio set bit initi configur fields. M enabl host irq3..0 select interrupt request line use interrupt host. M slave i/o data size select data width host access commun chip. M extern user pin 3..0 control four bit parallel output avail user-defin functions. M i/o address control locat configur regist ID byte ID rom. M bio address control locat address space decod peripher 's bio rom. M bio size control size bio rom address space. M enabl channel check enabl assert -chck bu signal host bur error occurs. M channel check indic report whether board assert -chck. M the bit posit field chip except enabl i/o card channel check indic field differ differ eisa micro channel conventions. M conclus M these chip highli integr solut interfac implement chip custom-design interfaces. P proprietari control use 386- 486-like control signal use gener interfac adapt larg rang expans buses. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
