<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-783  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
eighty/20 advanc the old time-manag adag teach u 20-percent invest plan yield 80-percent reduct amount time take complet job. P eighty/20 advanc 395 packag eighty/20 softwar aim save time effort whether sale not. M eighty/20 come featur expect find contact manag us text-bas interfac bit clutter time display them. O there batch six user-defin field resid secondari screen immedi obviou exist find them. M conveni featur set M featur includ typic phone dial two phone number per contract mail-merg functions. P you schedul event keep note activities. P there even appeal extra expens track lookup tabl data entri context-sensit help avail mani screens. P the program make easi maintain histori past actions. M there unusu featur well. P for peopl involv sale research call sophist call-script feature. P some program pop-up list common question show respons eighty/20 go much further. P you build complex branch script program record answer choic taken juncture. O not program even time length call track long interview take average. M you also get automat look-up citi state base zip code zip code load first get program list grow automat add new databas records. M structur shortcom M base clipper code eighty/20 us dbase iii data files. P while might seem advantag not. P not eighty/20 softwar includ documentationof file structur data import export facil asid print report disk. P If want move data around need get data convers util 50 option. M one curiou fact file structur separ field first last name contract. P As result search person last name except search within entir name field. P there salut field use first name case want address someon formal titl last name ca n't count use first name field. M the weakest part eighty/20 user interfac printer support. P the program support varieti printer includ laser printer font support primit word process featur spartan best. P the output conveni typewrit 'll forego use proport font fanci format expect word processors. M the document hefti bit ponder style thoroughli index serf well reference. P the program sleek enough fit pair 3.5-inch floppi disk pair high-dens 5.25-inch disk make possibl run portables. M eighty/20 adequ perform lack built-in import export featur small number field offer make le attract competitors. P the call-script featur perhap distinguish feature. P unless swing factor decis probabl better someth else. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
