<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-923  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
look back 1990 retrospect nearli year ago I made 13 predict 1990 PC magazin januari 16,1990 P they deliber structur provid commentari I expect key issu year like outcomes. P what better way end year review predict M first shift I predict emphasi primarili individu product applic use person comput micro technolog generallt build block larger system clearli underway. M replac costli mainfram minicomput system micro-bas altern downsiz becom import theme past 12 months. P the word I first use back 1985 becom common one industri 's vocabulary. M the significantli lower price I predict 386-base system memori postscript printer product also come predicted. O By earli fall price fallen dramat make year ago expens high-end system afford today major buyers. M My predict takeoff os/2 closinf window opportun microsoft window howev fare well 1990. P os/2 use acceler I thought would smash success window 3.0 roll mercilessli prediction. M unrepent sinner I I still think move onward os/2 come. P I think I bit ahead time. P the renew cooper ibm microsoft announc septemb help pave way os/2. P still I rate zero predict 1990. M My predict unix would continu go nowher desktop howev made year fli colors. P for talk unix semi-fanat enthusiasm part zealou partisan unix market share offic pc n't much differ year ago. M that eisa would emerg domin 32-bit bu standard vendor ibm mca clone would go nowher also provid correct prediction. P mca clone dead issu point eisa system avail major vendor ibm. M anoth predict fare well year least tradit PC softwar vendor would rough time. P ashton-tate' difficulti obviou everyon once-mighti lotu longer lead best-sel charts. P the overal financi result establish market leader gener disappointing. M I also said ibm 's os/2 exrend edit officevis would tread water best P score anoth hit there. P EE minor impact far officevis report seriou difficulti point. M My ninth predict 1990 banner year lawyer cours undeni correct. P there n't litigi year industri recent memory. P assert intellectu properti right seem becom nearli import build sell good product depressingli larg number vendors. M the tenth predict big gain network server arguabl right wrong depend aspect matter emphasized. P while sale conspicu product like compag 's systempro meet mani people' expect 1990 stun array vendor read like who 's who industri introduc server produdct feroci pace throughout 1990. M ialso predict hard year apple. P that born two things. P first appl 's declin financi fortun calendar year 1990. P also denunci appl 's market strategi given macworld expo last august like bill campbel head appl 's clari subsidiari demonstr appl 's seriou market difficulties. M thi fall 's new product introduct appl aim turn thing around remain seen success compani so. P nevertheless 1990 year appl would want repeat. M while diehard might want argu point predict next Is n't also look good. P next sale poor first part year. P the much-vaunt deal businessland noth next noth businessland. M next respondend dismal show market improv product line includ color system fall. P So far howev littl convinc evid latest probabl last effort pay either. M final I said ibm 's epeatedli anticip turnaround wo n't come 1990 either. P We wo n't know sure one turn ibm announc fourth-quart financi result mid-january. P base 've seen thu far howev look like predict prove correct. M the bottom line therefor look like eight correct two wrong least 1990 os/2 window two probabl next ibm one network server P that add win/lose/ti record 8-2-3 go 10-2-1 next n't turn favorit stock stuffer holiday season ibm 's financi result current quarter dismal I expect be. M chang way OF busi M two event I n't predict year wish I may even interest one I did. P the first spectacular growth system vendor sell direct. P vendor like austin compuadd dell gateway 2000 northgat swan tristar zeo radic probabl perman chang distribut structur industry. M the second gener declin tradit comput storefront dealers. O unabl meet promis servic support justifi higher price seen role reduc past year. P onli truli add valu expertis microag good exampl continu well. M In retrospect 1990 like prove key transit year industry. P A number import issu unsettl unsettl 1990 appear way resulut 1991 approaches. O prospect good solid resumpt growth 1991 despit may unfavor condit economi generally. P that howev topic upcom predict 1991. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
