<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-669-585  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
wincomm build beauti commun script synappsi 149 wincomm commun program window 3.0 enter crowd field carv nich tool choic creat spectacular fron end script communications. P wincomm three set interfac gener offer support graphic screen richer set dialog box tool graphic editor dialog box displays. M wincomm 's script command display window bitmap .bmp metafil .wmf decor hotspot buttons. P script call dialog box edit box radio button check boxes. P wincomm script uniqu capabl display file list box drop-down list box combo control also offer complet implement dde. M two support program allow gener code wincomm applic without directli write it. P A dialog editor let construct dialog box object choos menu. P onc box look way want send underli code wincomm 's script languag clipboard past favorit editor. P and past back editor modifi dialog. P the second support program wcutil let display .bmp .wmf on-screen draw hotspot button add help past code clipboard. M ad fron-end tool support file-transf protocol termin emulations. P support protocol includ X Y Z modem compuserv B kermit. P wincomm resum interrupt compuserv B Z modem transfer includ kermit server mode. M wincomm support ansi bb VT 52/100 cumpuserv vidtex. P the vidtex support includ abil view .rle graphic file on-line. P ala .gif file replac .rle place compuserv on-lin support. M also includ master/slav mode connect phone dialer limit compar packag like hotline. M the program flaws. P some built-in dialog box visual bug the dialog box button n't line dialer dialog box file list box kermit-upload dialog box partial overwrit buttons. M given broad function program document ueven. O you figur larg part program trial error. P the effect spars document worsen limit manual index nonintuit point user interface. P wcutil exampl file/new command. P In lieu basic option must pick singl submenu item fourth menu bar choic order start out. M If sophist user respons produc commun script depart corpor run get wincomm. P otherwis wait rough edg smoothed. P In event keep eye I find promis intrigu window commun program yet. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
