<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-209  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
dolch comput system In lunchbox-styl case size appropri larg hungri steelwork 19-pound dolch v-pac 386-25c pack 25-mhz cpu 2mb ram 32k 25-nanosecond cach ram 80387 match coprocessor 40mb hard disk 3.5-inch floppi drive keyboard paradis vga plu graphic board 200-watt power suppli crispli legibl 11-inch ga plasma screen. P the memori expand 8mb motherboard addit 8mb via 32-bit add-on card disk option rang size 200mb four full-siz isa 16-bit slot avail even room second floppi disk drive. M long-term exposur machin chang way I use computers. P with 8,490 dolch I desktop power anyplac I want it. P there option batteri pack dolch power hungri mention heavi O while 's usabl plane train bu 's realli practical. P but I 've abl use home live room supervis kid homework softwar develop project weekend country. P ditto work vacat florida I finish document softwar project. M the advantag dolch v-pac 386-25c portabl power. O while colleagu struggl cram stripped-down version microsoft word onto toshiba 1000se I use window 3.0 drafix window cad zortech 's c++ softwar develop system microsoft C variou softwar develop util norton unliti PC tool delux mk toolkit lotu 's hefti manuscript word processor dolch. P and cours rupp 's fast-lynx file transfer softwar invalu help easili exchang file stationari machines. M the dolch prove flawless fleet perform n't perfect. P My earli fear screen would obstacl month use I never found orange-on-black display tire difficult. P the biggest screen problem heat get almost hot touch use softwar like window illumin pixels. P howev screen 's 16 distinguish shade gray credit job window lack ghost make mous around much easier lcd portables. M My earli affect went keyboard good feel standard three-quarter-inch key spacing. P howev time feel waned. O the dolch keyboard cabl short stiff good place keyboard tabl front machine. P I end use machin gener keyboard featur longer flexibl cabl margin familiar layout. P howev dolch' credit machin respect enough PC standard accommod aftermarket devic keyboards. M anoth complaint housing. P the plastic case rug keyboard surviv sever unschedul trip floor elegant. P the door expans card connector seem flimsi front-panel reset button hair trigger. P that 's theoret complaint paper jostl reset switch accident reboot machine. P A trustworthi case would better match speedi reliabl electronics. M dolch earn PC magazin editor 's choic march 13 1990 review 386-base portabl partli fastest machin group. O In decemb 12 1989 review also editor 's choic speed power. P both review conclud still-appropri summat for want desktop speed power compact portabl dolch pac 386-35c ca n't beat. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
