<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-773  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
busi contact inform manag for uniniti user contact manag softwar function simplic strong advantag one 's core busi contact inform manag version 1.1 sold disk-count softwar 69.95. P ye 69.95. M the price pay eas use limit option awkward compromis more-robust costli packag overcome. P bcim ambiti packag yet satisfi expect entry-level user buyer resist steep prices. M As modifi knockoff eighty/20 softwar 's expe bcim user receiv attract upgrad polici eighty/20 's line contact managers. P you convert data automat more-pow packag includ expens track statist data multipl databas data import export. P bcim 's built-in obsolesc posit eighty/20 product disk-count softwar 's wide retail distribut stream. M bcim essenti contact manag replac rolodex to-do list calendar even function simpl person inform manager. P version 1. P condens program 's code three one floppi disk easi instal laptop enabl tote offic everywhere. P the start-up guid take step-by-step bcim use dummi list contact memo letter probabl wo n't need print 100-page manual 's suppli disk. M simpl screen M the screen architectur level deep four main-menu choic daili schedul updat client access menu mainten menu report menu. P the bottom rw 15 select quickli allow edit print display schedul type letter. P A hand hot key access context-sensit help notepad monthli calendar. P most daili work orient around client profil screen screen access everi bit inform 've store client includ compani contact name address phone number note well ten user-defin descriptors. P you conveni add contact name compani alreadi system without retyp repetit information. M the rather rigid design client profil screen prohibit citi name longer 15 charact zip code format ca n't modifi canadian code m4v 2z5. P there space two 10-digit telephon number ca n't identifi specif label indic fax extens e-mail. M from client access menu launch search well edit shuffl sort stack rolodex cards. P there 's also auto-dial mail-merg facil skelet word processor assort customiz busi letter ten gener report offer moder customization. P for low-end packag print format suffici includ 2-bi 4-inch 3- 5-inch rolodex card 1- 2-column format envelop labels. M one more-conveni view featur daili updat schedul date remind phone call meet letter neglected. P you also view schedul client group client filter monthli calendar daili schedul histori client. M there ten customiz descriptor use three-lett abbrevi identifi client two search methods. P use By exampl approach identifi specif criterion send system search client match filter the By sub-group approach save filter expedit task print reporting. M the function trade-off M one particularli irksom limit forc attach appoint particular client. P To schedul holiday must first enter client profil screen. P the date post directli monthli calendar holiday appear list client rather compromis solution. M other limit monthli calendar fit two line ten charact per day. P there warn 've schedul conflict meet plan two meet start time. O you 're also restrict one databas prohibit extens customization. P one final trade-off bcim 's lack integration. P there three locat jot memo length may forget exactli store it. P lack text retriev capabl system leaf hunt memo yourself. M with rock bottom price tag bcim back-to-bas packag provid enough power turn unruli list client name inform use databas help commun effect client custom sale prospects. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
