<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-225  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
pipelin after sit much PC revolut kodak final decid get involv big way. M two issu ago I detail photo CD system put ordinari 35-mm. P photograph compact disk major implic graphic pc novemb 27 1990 M now even though photo CD still year away kodak make attempt take leadership role defin color photograph display store printed. M right major problem confront anyon tri publish color document PC workstation. M color softwar PC offer lot tool fiddl hue tone imag 've scan without color-imag specif ca n't get reliabl reproduct screen image. O none devic calibr color definitions. M today design us paint program care edit color scanned-in photo horrifi find wrong color print intermediari softwar convert file separ process. M adob 's postcript becom common page descript languag connect pc dedic page-composit system produc black-and-whit public 's still common ground print color images. M adob process perfect color extens postscript need way defin photograph address ad stored. M kodak propos device-independ color manag system repres million color built-in compress algorithms. P It 's first stage public discuss fulli detail potenti bcome solut across comput platforms. P adob aldu appl ibm sun among technolog 's initi supporters. M adob enthusiast kodak 's propos fact two compani work close develop specifications. M the kodak color system made group softwar product enabl programm calibr exist softwar hardwar specif call photoycc. P the term photoycc strictli acronym 's amalgam way broadcast photograph refer imag reproduct Y impli luminesc gray level two C 's togeth repres chromin hue satur level M there softwar tool give programm access photoycc model whichev standard product current use rgb red-green-blu standard use display cmyk cyanmagenta-yellow-black system use printer cie color space models. M Of cours kodak 's photo CD system fulli compat new system. M with photo CD softwar librari sell long experi color reproduct kodak may prove exactli right compani establish standard. P kodak new busi develop top prioriti sinc withdraw instant-camera business. M and adob emerg new standard store retriev color imag ad insur postscript 2 final bridg gap see color screen get print paper. M hold onto your hat M intel 'S start TO talk M about the 586 M intel may driver 's seat PC microprocessor design act like competit breath neck. M the compani said plan ship first 586 chip 1992 although n't yet prepar say next microprocessor top 486. M for past year intel solicit opinion design lead PC manufactur type featur 'd like see 586. M intel 's chief execut andrew grove said feel intel need aggress develop faster version 486 revis line. P intel presid david hous recent confirm intel plan produc 50-mhz version 486 1991. P He also belief 486 eventu replac 386 compani 's lead microprocessor. M To help reach goal intel 's step market campaign 486. M paradox sale surpass M both version OF M dbase iii+ and IV M paradox steadili gain popular recent year may final verg emerg lead databas manag pcs. M comput intellig La jolla calif. track softwar bought larg companies. P for month septemb 1990 paradox beat combin sale dbase iii plu dbase IV ten percentag point 44 percent market compar dbase 'S combin total 34. M paradox 's sale big compani climb dramat last six month ashton-t continu hold onto biggest share total market two version dbase. P By septemb howev paradox overtook two first time. M dataeas intern 's dataeas also made strong sale gain recent month reach 12 percent total market september. P R base smart foxbas maintain posit secondari level share three percent each. M osf deliv the good M now IT 'S UP TO the M market M after close watch develop cycl ope softwar foundat final finish oper system suppos chang cours unix osf/1. M most foundat 's sponsor vow integr osf/1 current version unix product line come months. M ibm said intend base futur version aix osf/1 cover system ps/2 3090. M hewlett-packard gave candid explan strategy. P chief execut dean morton said HP 's first step demonstr commit osf/1 put risc workstat 'll ship next year. M our goal get maximum accept osf/1 put hottest workstat product. P then soon possibl 'll migrat rest workstat multius system current run hp-ux domain oper system osf technolog base M dec said base next version ultrix osf/1 ship merg ultrix-osf/1 product within year. M ncr make newwav A M major part OF it M enterprise-sid line M ncr ambiti plan develop modular system handl corpor 's comput need everi level. P call cooper design fulli open system access major environ lan wan mini mainframes. M but one interest aspect ncr 's choic newwav object-ori extens window hewlett-packard developed. M larg system vendor need kind graphic front end simplifi sophist back-end commun chores. P ibm develop officevis proprietari deriv os/2. M HP track newwav fact ncr will adapt newwav emerg platform say lot companies' interest open systems. M with unix user still tri wrest control oper system away AT amp T cooper compani like ncr HP newwav like breath fresh air. P In spite potenti ibm microsoft restrict growth control PC oper system realiti seem dos-os/2 environ provid strong opportun growth. O and n't even form committe it. M travel softwar team UP M with hdc TO develop window M file-transf softwar M strateg allianc n't big companies. M the leader file-transf window util gotten togeth technology-shar arrangement. M travel softwar contribut win-connect util hdc inclus new group ile util call fileapp travel softwar includ hdc util file enhanc winconnect file-transf program run windows. M hdc 's develop kit window program credit parti key made technolog transfer work. M develop tool window suddenli becom growth industri half dozen new compani plan products. M whitewat group first compani sell window tool taken concept step 's creat fast-track program programm spend two week whitewat 's offic take advantag code brainpow whitewat get window applic running. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
