<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-265  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
PC brand inc. dure six month steadi use ac-onli PC brand 386/25 cach portabl iii deliv nearli brand-nam perform brand-nam price. P In case nearli meant lot good enough. P the system help 32k ram cach lack unit origin review march 13 1990 issue. M the PC brand portabl iii one compaq portabl iii look-alikes. O It measur 9.8 16.2 8.3 inch hwd weigh 25 pounds. O maneuv heavyweight canva carri case like shove anvil sock It 's tight fit. P anyway experi lead recommend n't sling monster shoulder except elev car. P use luggag carrier. M onc I got portabl iii run I found worth weight. P the fulli load 4,784 review unit wish list come true 4mb ram 100mb hard disk 1.2mb 5.25-inch i.44mb 3.5-inch disk drive vga ga plasma display one parallel port one serial port do 4.01 util carri case. P add 1,200-bit-per-second intern PC brand modem 49 've got on-the-road comput 'll need. M I use open 8-bit slot microsoft mous bu card click right nicely. P lot time spent use microsoft windows/386 aldu page-mak machin ran like charm. P text crisp I initi problem contrast highlight menu bars. P have port window vga color monitor-equip desktop machin I reset run black-and-whit mode enhanc contrast. P contrast also problem non-windows-bas programs. P sidekick 's calcul exampl practic lost total. P howev 're familiar program unabl read option big deal. O xywrit iii lotu 1-2-3 I use time ran quickli clearli without hitch. M A seriou problem adjust angl display I lost edit xywri file reset button locat bottom-left corner bezel accident hit. P thi fluke. O after co-work read shoulder thing I put DO not touch sticker next button. M the detach 86-key keyboard protect screen transit full size felt right. P If 're like habit rest finger heavili home key thought wa n't get row gibberish on-screen. P I seem hit backslash instead backspac key lot usual though. M I impress portabl iii 's overal sturdiness. P It took share minor slam without hint troubl bring servic issue. P although noth went awri unit I I period made anonym call PC brand 's tech support line. P On averag I put hold 10 minut somewhat longer I would prefer least question patient thoroughli answered. P when I complain document primarili devot PC brand 's desktop machin support staffer offer send manual portabl week ago write I still n't receiv it. M My biggest disappoint portabl iii 's fcc class A rate made use home impractic real drawback machin would conceiv want use take-hom assignments. P In end true PC brand 386/25 cach portabl iii lack fit finish dark handsom brand-nam portabl donht need merced drive office. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
