<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-669  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
action plu with abil attach 50 differ graphic imag one detail contact screens. P action plu softwar 's action plu version 4.2 uniqu contact manager. P the 495 packag impress run desktop PC run laptop sacrific on-lin help on-lin user manual satellit modul allow tranfer record one action plu system anoth attach anyth scan and/or save .pcx file contact record give telemark abil see describ item inventory. M If disciplin updat mani detail data-orint fiel contract record reward clear concis report transact contractu agreement phone call letter may transpired. P By util specif entri ID number code space could tag profil specif wid-get california minim time need search database. P anoth help featur space contact gender especi use deal unisex name like terri pat. M the screen pack inform relat contact name compani address posit first last date commun note sale commiss contract statu ID number tax ID code phone number entri custom ten digits. P At first seem bit overwhelm much screen saleperson valu comprehensiveness. M function add delet find list execut first-lett keystrok function key cursor placement. M search with speed M when speed essenti action plu offer two way pull profil quick search let search last name compani complex search open blank contact record let fill much criterion want. P the specif quicker 'll find desir record. M the calendar function daili planner accept entri appoint to-do tasks. P meet display graphic bar extend fix time line run 7 a.m. P 8 p.m. P across bottom screen. P when attempt schedul conflict overlap meet action plu warn accept conflict chang color portion bar illustr length meeting. M the expens report featur anoth conveni salesperson move. P odomet read calcul within field adjust expens rate total billabl hour client ad print appropri name dates. M what 'S miss M with five view field free-form notepad calendar 20 differ telemarket script form letter invoic report gener expens appoint record abil log 99 million profil 1 billion item inventori action plu fairli complete. P but mean perfect. M the packag memori hog render exit-to-do function basic useless. P action plu tsr phone ring need load order view appropri profile. P It also lack calculator. M the advantag action plu center around detail contact record abil attach images. P like contact manag requir commit updat database. P although sacrif commit return speed speed realli counts. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
