<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-819  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
color page printer not long ago phrase high-qual color output afford price would n't appli printer. P that began chang two year ago. P and littl one year ago enough afford high-qual printer PC magazin cover separ section 1989 printer issu see color page printer afford At last novemb 14 1989 M includ 1989 overview five printer four manufactur howtek pixelmast om colorscript model 10 model 30 seiko instrument ch-5504-p tektronix phaser cp. P all five printer offer vibrant color price rang 8,245 15,995. O and price high compar typic laser printer also low enough afford medium-duti busi present needs. M To make roundup printer pc-compat print color use postscript cours arriv time deadlin work condition. P four color thermal printer met criterion nec colorm PS ocecolor qm colorscript 100 model 10 tektronix phaser px. P As possibl high-end altern also reviw canon laser copier 500 see sidebar the canon laser copi 500 first it kind 49,500 602-pound monster capabl copi color imag laser qualiti upgrad 30,000 dip wallet true color laser printer. M machin n't arriv time calcomp 's announc colormast plu linotyp color printer. M still lower price M If take four printer review togeth establish clear trend. P price rang roughli 8,000 10,000. P includ seiko colorpoint PS 4 review pre-product version see sidebar the seiko colorpoint PS 4 still the wing inform lowest price fall around 7,000. P all five printer use color thermal transfer technolog color printer 1989 printer issue. M part reason lower price roundup five printer limit paper width roughli 8.5 inch variat A4 A super A sizes. P the high-end price 15,995 1989 printer issu qm colorscript model 30 handl 11- 17-inch b-size paper. M even much price differ advantageous. P for exampl qms' model 10 review 1989 editor choic roundup essenti price reviews. P but 1989 postscript printer provid hpgl emul option 4mb ram standard 9,995. P In roundup test unit 's 9,990 price includ hpgl emul 8mb ram. P what 's 8mb configur upgrade. P the base price printer hpgl 5mb ram 8,995. M interestingli qm model 30 still sell 15,995. P howev new version model 30i recent announc along new model 10 price list price 12,995. P accord qm chang model 30i intern control rather extern control model 30 offer hard disk option rather includ standard. M one price differ worth note last year 's 8,245 seiko printer year 's 6,999 seiko use engine. P not year 's version 1,250 le expens includ postscript-compat firmwar rather provid softwar package. P and owner older ch-5504-p upgrad newer colorpoint PS 4 buy new control instal printer M As group current crop printer offer valu le money. O As economi scale come play expect downward price trend continue. M emerg standard M In addit lower price five thermal transfer printer show sever trends. P To start color postscript undoubt standard high-qual color page printers. P In 1989 overview five printer offer form postscript interpret two case seiko ch-5504-p howtek pixelmast interpret softwar util translat postscript printer 's nativ command set. M In roundup everi thermal transfer printer includ form built-in postscript. P three printer qm nec oce graphic use adob postscript tektronix us version postscript seiko us phoenix-page. M anoth clearli establish standard panton simul primarili interest graphic artists. P panton inc. carlstadt new jersey recogn giant color-graphics-rend arena creat panton match system rigidli defin set 736 color 1963 overcom color fidel problem convent color graphic printing. P becaus limit four-color print process use printer review none exactli match panton 's system. P and although offer pantone-licens simul vari slightli printer printer. M all five thermal transfer printer offer 300-dpi resolution. P and even though use differ ink differ print engin output show far similar group show differ one printer another. P As individu review show printer look produc vibrant colors. M which printer produc best color P As color research point truism color prefer highli individu issu base person biases. P significantli compar output printer discov differ peopl chose differ print sampl provid best-look colors. P the differ object real issu best worst matter taste. M In addit graphic standard postscript panton simul five thermal transfer printer also suggest standard emerg connect storag options. P all five printer offer parallel port serial port appletalk port scsi port let attach extern hard disk store addit fonts. P the seiko printer also includ second scsi port connect computer. M A growth curv M one trend well worth note color printer market grow shifting. P one measur growth new player get game. P the nec colorm PS exampl nec 's first high-qual color printer. M more interest way market segment import segment changing. P bi cap intern project separ growth figur three market engin scientif graphic artist office. P the last categori gener translat desktop publish busi present applications. M the engin scientif market matur show least growth 15,300 printer ship 1989 17,300 expect 1990 20,300 expect 1993 P the two area minor segment recently. P the graphic art market still rel small grow rapidli 2,500 ship 1989 4,200 expect ship 1990 8,000 1993 P the offic market far larger grow faster either segment 9,400 ship 1989 13,900 expect ship 1990 significantli 22,400 1993 M So bi cap intern 's project busi buyer color postscript printer outstrip engin scientif purchas almost tripl graphic acquisit 1993. M color printer shift nich product mainstream busi tool desktop publish high-qual color presentations. P not surprisingli printer manufactur shift focu well issu import busi user. P one interest though 's address current crop printer match color monitor printer. P As high-qual color printer move increasingli offic color match becom important. M color match M the idea behind color match simpl enough extend concept wysiwyg color well shape format page. P but david tait product market manag tektronix point color match import certain class users. P tait suggest engin scientif user well busi user satisfi simpli clearli distinguish color screen printout. P graphic artist contrast care much get precis color alreadi know make translat see expect get. M tait say observ agre even graphic artist would appreci wysiwyg color way avoid unpleas surpris clients. O but lack color match problem primarili busi user typic unsophist art physic color. M unfortun fundament technic problem involv colormatching. P for exampl perceiv color differ depend background. P So even screen color print color match exactli still appear differ sinc white background screen match white background paper. M similarli perceiv color differ differ light conditions. P A particularli sticki issu color sampl produc differ technolog may match one light condit daylight obvious differ other fluoresc lights. P that 's graphic artist gener view proof specif standard light conditions. M anoth key problem color devic includ monitor printer specif set color produce. P thi set color call color gamut vari sever factors. P one import set base color devic us creat colors. M for exampl monitor use rgb color model call creat color vari level red green blue screen. P printer gener use either cmi cyan magenta yellow relat cmyk cyan magenta yellow black model. P sinc rgb cmyk model start differ group base color 's surpris color gamut monitor printer differ significantli though substanti overlap. M even within given color model color gamut vari depend specif color given device. P As alreadi mention printer review us slightli differ version base colors. O As result one differ color gamut even though creat color cmyk model. P In gener two printer model close match color gamut sinc use base color process put ink paper. M consist color gamut far problemat monitor printers. P not differ manufactur use differ phosphor even two monitor product line may differ slight variat phosphor thick normal manufactur deviations. O and color gamut specif monitor chang phosphor ages. M what 's given set rgb signal level sent given monitor produc differ color depend set bright contrast controls. P and set signal yield one color monitor turn anoth 's warm up. P As print materi perceiv color even chang depend light conditions. M given th rel predict printer color compar screen color 's iron peopl blame printer print color match screen. P but dale richmond director market seiko point 's exactli happens. P A secretari execut care adjust screen color tast print graphic blame printer produc match. P sinc 's perceiv printer fault least printer manufactur feel 's job address issue. M ani color match system least three thing first need way calibr monitor system creat databas match specif rgb signal level specif colors. P second need databas printer color match specif cmi cmyk valu specif colors. P and third need complet object device-independ way describ color first place system common languag specif color tanslat rgb valu color descript cmi cmyk valu printer. M fortun 's difficult find unambigu color model. P the first develop cie commiss international de l'eclairag intern commiss illumin 1931. P It sinc updat exist sever variations. P even better color descript variat translat anoth straightforward mathemat formulas. M creat databas printer color also reason simple. P As alreadi mention rel littl variat individu printers. O manufactur easili suppli look-up tabl printer model much spirit devic driver. M In fact trickiest part calibr monitor. P there current practic way do world though appropri tool macintosh. P the basic approach attach clor sensor screen typic suction cup let packag run set rgb valu read color screen make compens adjust video card. M given way describ color object look-up tabl printer abil calibr monitor remain write softwar handl translation. P ideal softwar also show color gamut printer monitor compar two know 're look color on-screen printer simpli produce. M As write least one complet color match packag screen calibr printer look-up tabl softwar announc macintosh supermac technolog see similar packag do long. P howev jim forrest senior market manag nec point color macintosh two three year ahead color dos. P part problem video standard do world hlep complic issue. P and singl color picker access do program way mac. P window 3.0 may help chang that. M one import step toward eventu color match screen printer adob 's announc postscript level 2. P among thing level 2 incorpor device-independ color descript part postscript. O accord adob see first level 2 printer somewher spring 1991 spring 1992. M anoth notabl develop tektronix develop activ lobbi color match system call tekcolor. P tekcolor open system. P tecktronix wile licens accord discuss issu tektronix compani ask reason licens fees. M tekcolor us color model develop tektronix. P the model call hvc defin color hue color famili blue green valu variat light dark chroma degre satur vibranc color P thi hvc model variat cie model accord tektronix dovetail nice postscript level 2. M significantli qm nec seiko oce graphic commit support postscript level 2 least track tekcolor cols futur possibility. P howev nec 's forrest exampl worri tekcolor 's current implement may limit deal full rang monitor printer market. P not surprisingli also bit resist tekcolor name compani competit tektronix. M pick A printer now M whatev futur color match realiti 's yet least do world. P and moment question choos printer exist right now. P with uniformli gorgeou output pick printer wo n't easi unless need special featur hpgl emul 's avail qm tektronix printers. P howev issu 'll want consid make choice. M one obviou question whether need true adob postscript. P If plan produc boardroom-level graphic present graphic materi print output final product printer job. P howev 're look produc proof someth print final form elsewher may want conserv stay adob postscript. M Be awar text space particular may vari adob postscript postscript emulator. P So hand file print shop exampl may find line break differ spot proof final product. P onli nec qm oce color printer offer adob postscript. M anoth basic issu paper size. P If need printer handl b-size paper immedi narrow search qm colorscript model 30 review 1989 printer issu newli announc model 30i qm say 's essenti ident model 30 possibl seiko colorpoint PS 14. P although PC lab n't test PS 14 seiko say basic wide carriag version ps4 look pre-product version see sidebar the seiko colorpoint ps4 still wing inform M you 'll also want consid maximum imag size separ issu paper transpar size. P the natur color print need separ print pa color put high premium registr color print exactli right place. P the way get registr printer mechan hold tightli onto paper procedur creat rel larg margin machin use cut sheets. M the nec qm tektronix oce graphic printer produc imag nearli fill letter-s page use larger paper. P for letter size output imag size printer hover around 8 9 inches. P the actual number 8 9 inch colorm PS 8.1 8.5 inch phaser PX 8.1 9 colorscript 100 model 10 8.2 9.3 ocecolor. M all four printer also let get larger imag larger paper. P the maximum size vari significantli phaser PX offer smallest maximum imag size 8.1 10.8 inch legal-s paper. P next size ocecolor maximum imag 8.2 11 inch colorscript 100 model 10 maximum 8.1 12 inches. P As test nec printer support legal-s paper accord nec time articl publish firmwar upgrad allow 8.1- 12-inch images. M If 's import get largest possibl imag size 'll want take care look seiko colorpoint PS 4. P the PS 4 us roll paper instead cut sheets. P thi let hold paper special print margin cut excess margin 's done. P the maximum imag seiko printer letter-s paper impress 8.2 10.7 inches. O the maximum imag seiko 's super-a size paper whop 8.5 13 inches. M final look review 'll see notic differ graphic speed rang 0.3 gppm 0.6 gppm. P sinc speed dire consequ color page printer differ n't import enough primari factor pick one printer another. P howev 've narrow field one two possibl may well want consid speed along price final differenti factors. O also 've includ text speed 's part standard batteri test run printer. P even though text speed rel unimport color world number still help compar printer across product categori mere serv anoth decid factor select process. P In case whatev need high-qual color print ca n't go far wrong machines. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
