<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-259  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
bernoulli 's shockproof storag To Go bernoulli hard disk technolog reli clever design flexibl remov storag disk bent around read/writ head hard drive. P tradit bernoulli box becam dedic add-on system. P now rather expens ingeni technolog take step toward portability. M the 1,399 bernoulli transport iomega corp. hous rug plastic case made withstand bump bruis transit. P At 12.38 pound measur 9,5 2.75 11 inch hwd transport bulki enough probabl wo n't want transport far. P but transport good altern sneaker-net mammoth file station station. M the transport us scsi interface. P sinc one iomega 's vision transport office-wid backup devic compani includ one scsi interfac board packag sell addit board 265 each. P iomega recent introduc parallel port interfac kit 199 back parallel port take longer. M one thing n't need worri sturdiness. P thi unit tough. O our inform test prove transport medium take licking. P We n't recommend timexstyl abus drop 44mb cartridg height eight foot onto hard tile floor recov file without problem. M iomega rate mean time failur 60,000 hour estim servic life five years. P the transport come one-year warranti disk cover five years. M the PC lab do disk access do file access test run transport connect via scsi card compaq deskpro 286. P In comparison test ran two year ago bernoulli box II see remov mass storag septemb 13 1988 transport faster. O It complet do disk access do file access small record test 45.09 157.20 second respect compar 69.06 191.85 score bernoulli box ii. P On larg record test howev transport show slightli slower time box ii. M the transport slower compaq hard disk use testing. O one way improv speed instal bundl disk cach softwar base multisoft 's pc-kwik cache. P also includ iomega 's rcd util archiv compress format special prepar version gazel system back-it sitback technolog sitback autom backup. M although high price factor bernoulli technolog gener cost le optic disk storage. P it random access capabl give advantag less-expens tape backup solutions. P while cheap tape backup offer rambolik durabl reliabl data backup. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
