<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-893  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
mainstream muscl As 1990 wind look back big year PC marketplace. P memori price went 80486 system began appear quantiti hard disk got bigger faster cheaper microsoft window 3.0 gave u reason want pcs. P No wonder year saw 33-mhz 386 take mainstream power machin leav 486 system make mark high-end engin scientif graphics-intens workstations. M the demand 33-mhz 386 pc seem confirm sheer number vendor sell systems. P It seem machin level PC hierarchy. P In issu take look 45 comput 33-mhz 386 brains. P If think 's impress figur 'll realli astonish find n't begin includ 33-mhz 386 system existence. P In octob 31 1989 issu cover 22 comput class februari 13 1990 issu review anoth batch 22. P none machin repres tworeview includ roundup mean ponder yet anoth 45 machin buy. P watch near-futur issu examin 33-mhz 386 significantli updat manufactur sinc octob februari review M review criteria M add list two machin well-known manufactur includ n round-up. P tandi fail get evalu unit u deadlin arch sent machin differ test specif 150mb hard disk 4mb ram 64k ram cach one floppi drive do 3.3 4.0 included. P We made allow minor variat request specif instanc machin came hard disk rang 120mb 200mb came smaller ram cach fit inclusion. M the final list includ system acma agi arc argo act bitwis design blue star brain bsi caf clone compuadd comput marketplac core csr dec dynam decis ep everest fortron grid hertz hyundai insight master comput matrix memorex micro telesi mitsuba multimicro novacor peregrin premier psg quill sai swan tandon tatung televideo tenex texa micro system transourc unisi wang. M buy decis M In crownd PC field 16- 20mhz SX model entry-level layer 486 system get brag right msot technic advanc processor. P but unless reli applic make use 486 chip 's built-in math coprocessor capabl one mention earlier unless must latest greatest design around 'll find 33-mhz 386 give bang buck. P see sidebar the 386-33 today 's best buy M the wide rang 386/33 machin avail lead buyer 's dilemma criterion use select one system almost 100 P It would mistak use system result benchmark test guid found one 33-mhz 386 machin perform pretti much 33-mhz 386 machines. P asid straggler bottom pack le 10 percent differ 80386 instruct mix test result slower machin review faster counterparts. P interestingli fast system test bio shadow turn n't drastic better test 386/33 review without bio shadow enabl perviou two roundups. P the best score 1.59 compar 1.63 1.61 instruct mix time rack machin octob februari review respectively. M among system review signific differ hard disk video time sinc result least depend compon use motherboard design gener increas perform opt better parts. P A tradit st-506 mfm drive suffici older 8088 80286 system 386/33 support faster components. P esdi scsi ide interfac use among machin esdi popular. P addit part compuadd machin 's integr design disk control cach memori factor doubt play larg part system' excel perform PC lab disk benchmark test. M all 33-mhz 386 review issu two previou boast processor ram cach usual 32k 64k. P the system cach speed perform store inform fast static ram cpu rare wait refresh cycl fetch inform memory. P thi design typic behind vendor 's claim zero wait state operation. O perhap surprisingli three top perform review boat 64k cach three slowest 32k though spread slight n't make purchas base sole numbers. M the PC marketplac 33-mhz 386 arena particular becom crowd competit price almost assum given requir buyer cours definit competit price vari depend whether 're speak brand name product versu clone retail product versu direct-market machine. P your decis like base factor plan system vendor 's warranti support extra included. M determin use system put first step. P the 33-mhz 386 want use file server network certainli differ memori storag expans requir machin destin run larg spreadsheet one use stand-alon databas applications. P most mail-ord vendor stand readi la cart approach offer zillion possibl combin differ case hard drive display memori configurations. P some vendor inflex offer hard disk option defin choices. P your job make certain get system outfit mix compon need. M mani vendor today seek differenti product servic featur true 33-mhz 386 product compani 's line. P some offer free technic support long comput other provid 24-hour-a-day phone support. P may use either dedic electron bulletin board system bb nation servic compuserv post technic inform answer common questions. O Of cours still offer littl technic support servic case typic trade support lower prices. M repair polici also vari widely. P some vendor still requir ship machin back repair mani discov buyer want faster conveni service. P As result find on-sit servic contract bundl system provis ship part overnight without wait broken compon received. M the window edg M mani vendor seek edg bundl goodi system competition. P In past limit util backup video program odd piec hardwar like mous come display adapt card. P with last summer' releas window 3.0 howev field changed. P microsoft made nearli irresist 386/33 vendor bundl window carch microsoft make part deal program bundl vendor 's machin model. M some vendor taken microsoft 's deal made even better buyer. P sinc window bundl includ do mous well vendor opt instal do window hard disk. P with system configur take machin ship cart plug in. P you 'll run record time. P the best part window deal vendor offer price compar system n't includ it. M final document deliv PC import element decision-mak process. P the one wo n't care much well-written document experienc power user familiar insid pc gener peopl qualm identifi video card hard disk cabl attach look inside. P howev mani user howev experienc may softwar get lost come troubleshoot poorli document hardware. P As 386/33 move forward mainstream market 's go show desk lot less-savvi user peopl benefit extra effort made vendor n't throw collect pamphlet provid manufactur compon like motherhood i/o card video adapt disk control hard disk. P If stack stray paper fill technobabbl n't intimid user buy may get away spend lot le money. P If real save may come invest well-docu machin first place. P As gener rule bigger vendor better document system. M whether opt inexpens machin n't lot servic option come complet document prefer system work rest assur pick PC make sens practic busi system today 's market. P In le year half 386/33 system gone expens hotshot rariti afford commonplac workhors readi churn tasks. P No longer extravag level machin pick need full power busi computer. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
