<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-859  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the maxim the maxim integr impress set sale contact tool databas file unlimit number client contact altern phone number singl organization. P thi 295 program richmond softwar work fast whether 's open client-inform window search specif contact let custom sublist kind contact database. P the maxim serf remark well salesperson 's primari application. M you navig sometim complex function via hierarch pop-up menus. P inform get buri beneath sever menu level reach client take four keystrokes. P the pop-up screen clean uncluttered. P major credit go secondari window underli client screen contain addit contact import date notes. O field contact window rang standard name address maximum four phone number easili chang field name. P the maxim 's interfac simpl use quickli guid contact want. P howev program n't make use mouse. M automat to-do list M the maxim 's client/contact databas structur let group mani contact singl client want. P In maxim parlanc client organ compani depart contact one individu organization. P It 's perfect multipl contact one compani want trace contact histori one separately. M the program also includ standard telephon support auto-di automat phone log timer well minim word processor correspond flexibl daili calendar diari basic income/expens entry. P one featur special interest the maxim 's hotlist automat combin next contact date name entri defin rang day-at-a-gl calendar entri creat super to-do list. M although the mazim cover basic much lack minor featur appoint alarm single-screen summari action result contact. P In the maxim must switch two window seee complet detail deal contact. O although organ databas almost limitless number way 're restrict one database. P thi prevent develop smaller more-focus contact list specif perhap temporari tasks. O It also make difficult small sale staff comfort share one maximizer-equip computer. M databas import export also limited. P onli ascii file comma-delimit format imported. P It take two export/import cycl merg two maxim databas even thing accompani note carri over. M broad-bas appeal M the maxim look good regardless contact manag compar with. P It 's keystrok savvi act n't offer mani pop-up list speed data entri automat hotlist greatli simplifi to-do list compilation. P there 's dedic telemarket script featur like one found telemag gener phone support includ auto-di automat call log good. P the maximizer' macro creation anoth unusu welcom addit contact manag arena. M the maxim 's simpl oper appeal phone-bound salesperson n't need distract software. P nonsal user work larg number contact need track multipl contact within organ appreci the maxim 's speed capac unlimit contacts. P the maxim well-round program one satisfi everi major contact manag need. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
