<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-732-967  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
humancad clip-peopl here 's anoth exampl use object humancad' mannequin design ultim market sold activ object rather use intern development. P for moment 're still compil intern sold world data file accompani applic compani 's near-term goal releas 2 next year ship work objects. M humancad divis biomechan corpor america quantit ergonom consult firm found 1986 cliff gross formerli nyu professor head new york institut technology' ergonom department. P biomechan client includ ford GM dupont procter amp gambl lear seating. P much like hewitt associ biomechan develop softwar enhanc implement services. O backsoft tool clinician use assess back injuri implic can juan still heavi lift P how much compens alic on-the-job back injuri P ergobas databas ergonom statist bodi size bodi type collect varieti popul studi varieti govern commerci sources. M about year ago compani decid capit expertis creat independ divis humancad embodi market knowledg human form structure. P gross 's practic base ergonom biomechan director howard morgan former academ ventur capitalist broaden scope project wider vision includ applic product design train publish paper electron multimedia advertis storyboard like. O morgan sign presid although divis manag day day ken goodman former market vp gener software. M the result product mannequin construct kit 3D human figur use varieti design present publish software. P mannequin extend clip-art concept see releas 1.0 89-1 clip object wirefram human figur look good they move properli field vision reach grasps. O mannequin cost 699 run pc. P It export file program autocad gener cadd corel draw pagemak micrografx design support mac graphic formats. M mannequin allow user creat gener person specif sex nation age 3 12 adult bodi type. P you also specifi precis dimens variou bodi part rest construct scale P the figur thu creat come appropri spec joint movement rang vision. P use mannequin 's languag mous make figur walk along path draw specifi pick item particular weight size put somewher look wall forth. P onc 've design hot new sport car autocad exampl tri 6-foot overweight french male inflict real human pay time money prototyp O can six-foot fit seat P could 5'3 hong kong femal see window Is control panel conveni place P If 's back draw board uh workstat much damag done. P would six-foot comfort cubicl arrang furnitur P how would movement block light P the figur use display answer question screen printouts. M insid juan alic M mannequin also handl complex matter for exampl calcul torqu stress peopl move lift object includ repetit factor. P It deal question should normal worker expect lift box hour time P say morgan weigh intang word care We wo n't say whether someon certain statur job would give inform might enabl draw conclus M with mannequin automat creat lifelik simul oppos anim pc tool basic build system screen screen help function tweening. P mannequin 's figur forerunn new growth industri suppli virtual object use virtual world see releas 1.0 90-10 O By support autocad format promis compat like lead standard environ virtual reality. O eventu third-parti tool render like possibl peopl semi-realist world make safety-train films. M new improv M but mannequin object n't quit readi yet. P for still program modul data structur content rather fulli defin activ objects. P although code written borland c++ user buy compil C code c++ sourc modifi paramet addit code methods/behavior much like class hewitt associ creating. P the class modifi go back vendor page 4 M In case mannequin object inherit behavior calcul field vision exampl 're construct real-tim behavior walk stay tradit program control. P there 's walk routin mannequin packag know make human walk base object 's paramet posit routin store object 's part mannequin applic thu export transfer either object anim sequenc program. P likewis 's easi way yet model execut interact among object screen. O the object move respons mannequin 's direct only. M morgan plan chang second release. P the obstacl true object-orient first releas say performance. P the solut total rewrit tighter code includ facil vroomm virtual real-tim object-ori memori manag see releas 1.0 89-6 within borland 's c++. P In next releas mannequin standalon independ object carri code rather data file come application. M In releas 2 instead select menu bodi type releas 1 'll abl fill spreadsheet creat custom people. P In long run trend mass product back custom product individu 's paramet fed back design tool drive manufactur system. P but n't dismiss tailor yet O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
