<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-287  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the seven deadli sin comput mankind plagu sin. P ask preacher. P ask sin preacher. P while ten command offer grand set rule decid eventu fate death classic seven deadli sin decid fate alive. P these terribl everyday sin gone away curs u day. P In fact modern comput user unawar influenc may know aspect comput domin sin effect hapless naiv comput user. M let 's look works. M sin number one sloth M few comput user avoid terribl debilit sins. O when last time brought read document provid softwar P too lazi P did n't think import P how clean grimedup crt screen P when last time talk tiresom chore P some user n't abl spend 15 minut take upgrad latest version do run do 2.0. P Oh bother I 'll wait do 5. M sin number two avaric greed M ever go friend 's hous demand bootleg copi softwar know 'll never use P you want copi must copi O some gree-ridden lost soul spend time download free program geni even though 'll never look them. P more more money spent on-lin servic real result greed. M sin number three jealousi envi M you get upset friend newest 486 machine. P you must one whether need not. P you lose sleep money. M sin number four gluttoni M you 200-megabyt hard disk 've manag feed 198 megabyt fill mostli crap-ola. P unknown file weird util null valu programs. P but bring eras thing O they might import someday P So buy anoth 200 megabyt storag instead. M sin number five rage M thi come time-wast aspect computing. P you spend afternoon reprint one document tri get right P Or spend day mesmer tetri ca n't break loose. P when get home kick dog. M sin number six lust M you spend time pore comput magazin look latest new products. P you dream them. P you tri talk spous let buy them. P you actual drool ad PC mag. P well mayb bad sin. P It pay bill M sin number seven pride M you gloat equipment. P you brag friends. P you tell realli realli fast machin compar theirs. P you show wall do perform book crow know everi tip trick. P you 're big shot office. P when someon need know someth 'll tell think whether know anyth not. P you 've becom blowhard. M now comput sinner suffer sins. P It 's almost impossible. P but u afflict least one. P everyon except me. P whi would I care P I get free review copi softwar hardwar examine. P send P thi way I put shelf show everyon see cower might 486 giganto color monitor. P pride P gluttoni P avaric M moi O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
