<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-419  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
nview corp when last review lcd panel lcd panel 12 road februari 27 1990 color except rule. P ten month later color lcd come price perform come crisp clariti black-and-whit display editor 's choic viewfram ii+2 still quit appealing. P the unit 's extra niceti hard-shel carri case remot infrar keyboard option 395 three set cabl macintosh cga/ega vga monitor complet afford integr unit. M tthe viewfram display imag use eight shade gray. P I abl map shade close possibl imag creat vga screen contain 256 16 color fiddl three small color knob side panel correspond red green blue. P even though nview provid util disk help get best set I found I display vga 16-color graphic imag viewfram detail artwork got lost unless I set control image-by-imag basi theoret need set present P when I present textual materi demonstr singl applic I fare much better sinc origin color differ much frame frame. P I also found elimin major color lcd I left monochromat pixel pattern display quit effect present n't use color graphics. M In addit color control viewfram allow adjust contrast shift imag horizont vertically. P the control clearli label top panel adjust made twist cylindr knob jut side. P My experi make adjust live present could difficult. M similar In focu lcd nview 's lcd perform depend qualiti overhead projector. P mani standard overhead projector simpli emit enough light light caus ring center darken edg view area. P onli top-notch projector strong light produc adequ results. M project imag dark color background also prove problem. O over time especi unit heat background would shimmer weav make terribl hard eye. P unless I play control per-imag basi I experienc ghost occasion aft r unit black line one pixel wide would appear screen I readjust colors. M probabl best part nview experi nview toteboard remot infrar keyboard renew faith infrar technology. P A small receiv unit hook keyboard socket PC walk away ultra-light portabl keyboard 's half size regular one. P I found infrar respons even I posit strang angels. M togeth totabl keyboard heavy-duti case doubl luggag next trip afford panel make attract package. P the problem black white simpli wo n't cut demand present may interest compani 's recent releas 2,995 16- simul -color lcd 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
