<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-553  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
xircom inc compar tradit network interfac card xircom' pocket adapt connect laptop portabl PC network cost run slower wonderful. P almost one own portabl regularli use network xircom offer token ring ethernet arcnet adapt without one. P the 5-ounc 5-inch unit plug right parallel port n't need intern slot expans chassis. M Of cours would imposs test adapt everi portabl exist extend use xircom token-r ethernet adapt prove hassl free connect toshiba t3100sx compaq lte 286 nec prospe 286. P If benchmark test 'll find 65 90 percent throughput good expansion-bu network interfac card token-r faster ethernet P but day-to-day use I n't notic much speed differ certainli noth wors minute-to-minut variat find network activ serv multipl users. M more time I 've also turn xircom adapt token-r ethernet network interfac card choic temporari network connect desktop pcs. P here 's nutshel they'r incred simpl set use. P you n't open machin instal switchless breez interrupt memori address conflict worri about. P addit ready-to-go driver novel netwar includ net-bio support ibm PC lan banyan vine artisoft lantast way. P the ethernet version addit driver includ lan manag 3com 3+ arcnet version le P you 'll run network five ten minut moment open box. P the manual may bit ters end user use n't realli understand network anyon els everyth need know logic laid out. M the xircom adapt look like pocket modem pack cigarettes. P two knurl screw attach adapt parallel port. P ther 's also transform cube suppli provid 12 volt DC power adapt sure clunki 's easi way draw power parallel port. P connect adapt machin took 30 seconds. M the xircom adapt 'll buy depend network oper system medium cabling. P price rang 395 arcnet 595 ethernet 845 token-r P those price proport reflect rel price intern adapt cards. P expect see price come technolog advanc xircom see competit vendor like dlink. M the two hassl I encount readili resolved. P the adapt plu medium network cabl connector extend depth laptop desktop pc least 6 inch 'll like want buy short 8 inch le flexibl cabl angl adapt side. P It includ xircom adapt may future. P and cours I also lot use parallel port system I connect xircom due ship octob 95 printer pass-through adapt call port multiplexor let keep network adapt printer attach parallel port. M If everi product work well xircom 's network adapt P O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
