<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-819  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
keeptrax keeptax contact manag o.t. P softwar design telephone-bas salesperson one else. P data field set stone featur tend veer toward simplic compani 's definit state-of-the-art somewhat behind times. M keeptrax equal packag gener price rang far surpass program 300 400 rang the maxim O still keeptrax show flash potenti user live limit may want take look. M creat file folder M keeptrax store data two-screen format call file-folder. P the main screen display gener inform name phone number address titl name spous date last call concern specif client contact. P the second screen consist comment field. P all file-fold store singl databas program alert duplic record entered. P while packag allow quick exit do wo n't abl much there. P keeptrax tsr us 512k ram. P user work 640k system find quit keeptrax entir run second application. M the keeptrax interfac color easi use. P two form on-lin help provid gener detail help screen customized. O command option display time never confus buttom press. M the packag also offer notepad appoint schedul calcul important-d databas store birthday anniversari O while featur simpl use access singl keystrok one remark unremarkableness. M the calcul limit four basic arithmet oper notepad hold three line text per note appoint schedul rudimentari search capabl search appoint bydat month year name. P you search meet schedul octob meet schedul bob smith. P when 're phone bob smith drawback. M A tough workout M the overwhelm problem keeptrax howev rigid design. P the data field file-fold set o.t. P softwar changed. P thi fine long wish store inform o.t. O think want store. P If n't 're luck. M On hand live limit 'll find keeptrax without strong points. P A filter function allow creat search criterion use boolean logic. P onscreen menu lead way 's simpl use use filter creat complex search criteria. M for exampl want search everi contact databas vice presid select titl ield search contain comparison type VP valu comparison. P In way keeptrax search everi file-fold contain term VP titl field. P the result set includ folder execut vp senior vp vp engineering. P thi far packag 's most-pow feature. M other featur use spectacular. P keeptrax also allow view contact column format. P Up 21 contact view onscreen one time contact 52 data field access via scroll keys. P the packag also output inform label printer. P here keeptrax flexibl choos inform print group page although still limit strict data field P A recal function allow retriev eras perman delet record pack command expung data time. P appoint note archiv floppi disk retriev later time save hard disk space. P An on-board text editor also provid n't look mail-merg features. M keeptrax also read data creat packages. P the program import .dbf fixed-length ascii variable-length ascii files. P On test encount one small problem import .dbf file data lost import field longer correspond keeptrax field. M there contact manag far flexibl keeptrax desktop util could use beef up. P like minor-leagu basebal player keeptrax show sign potenti 's still readi majors. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
