<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-732-879  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
C amp T enter processor market with puma M chip technolog introduc programm univers micro acceler puma chip set design serv graphic acceler system use AT eisa bus. P the chip set consist two devic puma-p processor puma-i interfac chip. P the processor execut microcod writabl control store ram function fulli programmable. P puma-i also includ laser printer interfac directli drive canon SX engine. M In principl puma use acceler applic includ compute-intens tasks. P chip technolog initi provid microcod acceler autocad window 3. P An autocad acceler card use puma chip set announc comdex cardin technolog lancast PA P puma card expect sell approxim 500. M puma serf display print accelerator. P C amp T posit product primarili display acceler autocad speed zoom pan redraw function print acceler window although acceler function applications. P C amp T claim preliminari version puma three time faster fastest autocad acceler avail 25 time faster unacceler vga display use standard autocad driver 33-mhz 386 system. P even display control line-draw engin 8514/a significantli sped puma. P thi autocad draw consist short vector time perform transform clip setup overwhelm line draw time. M when use autocad print implement via print screen key whatev portion draw display sent printer normal autocad print function used. P the draw print use display list use screen re-rend 300 dpi printer process puma perform two five seconds. P with window print control via usual dialog boxes. M the autocad driver implement entir puma code therefor provid perform regardless speed system installed. P the window driver us host processor puma code degre acceler great. P C amp T claim three-to-ten time perform gain complex graphic display windows. M unlik display acceler typic implement part display card puma design oper independ frame buffer. P It principl work display card write display card 's frame buffer via system bus. P the initi releas puma microcod support 640 X 480 vga 800 X 600 vga standard video electron standard associ sever popular 1024 X 768 super-vga cards. P the autocad driver also support 8514/a includ extend resolut 1600 X 1200 use C amp t' 8514/a-compat controller. M puma intend user-program even developer-programmed. O C amp T plan provid microcod develop tool microcod suppli C amp T. P thi avoid usual barrier introduc new architectur puma architectur transpar everyon except C amp t' programmers. P C amp T conced develop microcod puma difficult claim perform well beyond could achiev convent risc processor cost lower. P becaus high volum PC market C amp T justifi signific invest microcod development. M the microcod provid chip nomin charg any. O puma add-in card sold driver disk includ softwar run host processor typic 286 386 486 microcod download puma-p processor. P compute-intens task perform puma-p microcod work concert driver softwar execut host processor. P In case autocad driver interpret display list. P for window driver interpret gdi graphic devic interfac commands. P both display printer control gdi command imag render interpret resolut differing. P thu display print imag match exactly. M processor architectur M figur 1 show block diagram at-bu isa puma add-in card. P An 8K X 64 sram bank expand 16k X 64 store microcod 8K X 16 sram bank expand 16k X 16 provid temporari data storage. P the sram must access time 25 n less. P larg amount data display list bit map print store main system memory. P the puma-i interfac chip provid bus-mast interfac AT eisa bus. P the puma-p chip includ approxim 17,000 gate puma-i includ approxim 14,000 gates. P both packag 160-pin plastic flat packs. M No program rom required. P To start puma processor microcod boot-load written puma-i chip via system bus. P puma-i transfer boot loader microcod memori via serial interfac sdip sdpi data line SA address line SE serial enabl P onc boot loader transfer puma-p load bulk microcod oper bu master load program system memory. P A 1k-word 8k-byte instruct block load le 1 ms. P larg microcod program use overlays. M the puma-p processor includ M 16-bit alu M 16 X 16 regist file M 16 X 16 multipli 32-bit result M barrel shifter/byt swapper M 2911-type microprogram sequenc 9-level stack M three loop/address counter M interfac port M the processor oper 50-mhz clock instruct execut two five clock cycles. P logic sequenc oper requir two clock cycl arithmet oper requir three multipli requir five. P the instruct encod includ two-bit field specifi number clock cycl instruct requires. P A multipli instruct set use fewer five clock cycl follow instruct use result multiplication. P the processor two-stag pipelin instruct option caus first stage flushed. M the normal instruct format shown tabl 1 us 64 bit instruction. P An option 32-bit compress format increas program densiti expens execut speed. P If 32-bit format use two instruct pack 64-bit word. P the processor expand instruct 64-bit format execut it. P both format use within singl microprogram. P the 32-bit format provid access processor 's parallel three-clock minimum instruct time. P the current driver softwar C amp T us 64-bit format. M alu function includ add subtract and OR xor xnor. P subtract use operand either order and oper option complement one operand total eight possibl operations. M the 5-bit pcp processor control point field specifi varieti oper perform includ increment decrement loop counter captur inform host bu initi microcod memori write cycle. M the sequenc similar 2911 bit-slic microcod sequencer. P the microcod program counter normal increment instruct also load alu output immedi data field on-chip 9-level stack. P A varieti condit test condit jumps. M puma-i interfac M the puma-i chip provid interfac puma-p system bus. O there three data path puma-p host processor M bus-mast data channel M processor commun data channel M serial data channel M the bus-mast data channel allow puma chip set directli access system resourc becom master system bus. P thi mode use access display list printer bit map inform system memori well write display control system board anoth add-in card. P the puma-i chip support AT isa eisa bu support 32-bit eisa data path. P the interfac chip use board C amp T demonstr call puma-at support AT bu marketed. P It enhanc support eisa includ fifo buffer renam puma-i M the puma-p chip rel bu independ futur version interfac chip may support micro channel. P A 32-bit data path would requir modif chip well larger packag accommod higher pin count required. P C amp T claim display printer function compute-bound rather bandwidth-limit 16-bit data bu limitation. M puma-i includ 16-word write fifo 4-word read fifo. P To write data system bu puma-p write address data write fifo puma-i. P puma-i acquir control bu perform transfer. O To read data system bu puma-p write read request puma-i puma-i acquir bu read data bu read fifo. O the read fifo set read-ahead mode fill fifo success locat empti puma-p. P read given prioriti writes. P As long data write fifo read request pend puma-i retain control system bu except must relinquish host processor perform access describ M bus-mast oper eisa bu well-defin puma-i support standard eisa arbitr functions. P the AT bu well-design bus-mast peripher howev puma-i provid sever function aid smooth bus-mast operation. P puma-i monitor system bu bu master observ host processor perform refresh cycl set intern refresh counter match host processor' refresh interval. P when puma-i bu master relinquish bu refresh timer indic host processor perform refresh cycle. P puma-i reacquir bu programm interval. O thi interv guarante bu bandwidth avail host processor even puma-i long seri oper perform. M the processor commun data channel us eight regist puma-i map host processor 's i/o address space. P puma-i default i/o base address 240h address modifi drive six data pin reset asserted. P the host processor write command code puma-i command register. P puma-p poll statu regist puma-i detect command arriv read paramet directli system memory. P the host processor poll statu regist puma-i written puma-p determin command complet retriev result code. M the serial data channel allow inform sent puma-i puma-p independ microcod execution. P for parallel data transfer puma-p puma-i puma-p must act master microcod control O serial transfer use primarili load microcod boot loader. P the serial data channel also use debug allow microcod single-stepped. M printer interfac M puma-i provid serial interfac drive video input canon SX laser printer engine. P puma-p write word contain 16 pixel valu lzbuf laser buffer regist puma-i. P An 8-word fifo store data written lzbuf. M puma-i wait printer engin assert bd- beam detect signal indic start scan line. P It wait program delay determin width margin begin shift data lzbuf. P To provid 1.8 mbit/ data rate requir 300-dpi printer puma-p must write new valu regist least everi 8.584 microsecond averag prevent underrun occurring. P the line length counter increment preset valu reached. P puma-i wait bd-to assert shift addit data. M C amp T claim print window use puma six twenti time faster use standard HP laserjet ii. P puma-p abl rotat portrait landscap mode on-the-fli possibl host-bas printer drivers. P becaus parallel capabl puma processor inner loop rotat routin requir two instructions. M conclus M puma innov approach acceler PC applications. P C amp T claim offer much better price/perform acceler base TI 's 34010 34020 graphic processors. P It also differ display acceler work exist display card instead replac them. M while function perform differ puma similar concept intel 's dvi chip set dedic processor execut download microcod perform certain function much quickli host processor can. P In case processor programm softwar provid chip manufacturer. M the major challeng face chip technolog establish puma provid microcod need make useful. P C amp T 's demonstr comdex limit autocad display print window shown. M one problem puma may face poorly-defin bus-mast oper AT bus. P vendor bus-mast card AT bu found clone system problem bu master may conflict add-in card well. P C amp T belief refresh time approach elimin conflict effect solut wo n't known larg number puma board field. P eisa system n't problem bus-mast oper instal base eisa system rel small. M window 3 may best opportun puma sinc allow singl driver support wide rang applic program slow print time seriou problem window today. P one problem limit accept printer acceler lasermast inabl directli handl ep encapsul postscript graphic output postscript-bas draw program adob illustrator. P host-bas postscript interpret avail would allow puma driver handl postscript program tend slow negat puma 's perform advantage. M If puma success C amp T presum develop microcod applications. P for exampl host-bas postscript-compat interpret could made much faster off-load compute-intens part interpret puma. P other possibl applic includ data compress imag processing. P the limit factor C amp T 's abil develop microcod slow pain process. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
