<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-501  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
act emerg recent facelift faster contact lookup impress report gener abil schedul multipl call meet appoint contact softwar 's act version 2.0 grace walk wire contact manag simplic performance. P the 395 program foretel futur contact manag software. P not slick full-featur econom requir keystrok enabl shell do launch anoth program hold 10k captive. O thi abil actual encourag jump act anoth applic back throughout day. M act 2.0 abandon lotus-styl primary/secondari menu system predecessor debut easier-to-us singl menu bar pull-down options. P though program support mous keyboard control still preferable. P one reason set tab stop field quick keyboard-control shift around screen. P act 's databas display 73 field two well-design screen contact. M unlimit call M menu select data entri gener navig excellent. P pop-up submenu abound half field link pop-up hold common responses. P you custom nearli submenu speed data entry. P In case manipul act becom second natur quickli even extens use function-key combinations. M act integr sever import tool contact database. P the packag includ simpl word processor spell checker calendar to-do list contact note writer contact summari weekli schedul expens recorder. P all featur link contact file handl mani repetit chore automat insert contact 's name address letter 's salutation. P you schedul unlimit number futur call meet list unlimit number task contact. P that 's major improv earlier versions. M telephone-rel support solid timer record durat call switch bill purposes. P all call incom outgo log contact 's activ file. P you util nine predefin report design almost kind custom report act 's power complex report generator. M contact softwar ad impress list featur version 2.0 yet lack password secur n't spot duplic entries. P the task list includ call meet to-do task would even valuabl could priorit uncomplet task automat roll next day. P while pop-up submenu make contact inform entri fast 's way copi even entri anoth entri client files. M one TO beat M few contact manag come close act 's depth breadth. P you boot act 8:00 a.m. P remain within 5:00 p.m. handl call write letter take notes. P when need spreadsheet full-featur word processor easili drop act return quickly. P it databas search though much improv consider faster effici still n't match the maximizer' speed. P act excel contact manag sale nonsal use lack telemarket featur phone-intens salesperson may require. M nevertheless jump version 2.0 put act ahead competition. P act one power gener contact manag avail great part due gener featur list minim keystrok requir tasks. P act work better nonsal capac contact manag therefor best potenti help push contact manag farther softwar mainstream. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
