<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-563  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
eastman kodak CO It 's world 's oldest clich good thing come small packages. P kodak 's diconix model 150 plu portabl printer 519 parallel version proof need small inde beauti tini ink jet small size recommend it. P i'v test sampl month I 've consist impress intellig though design also support materilas. M true road warrior peopl work tray tabl hotel room desk crowd airport loung would pleas enough diconix simpli tiny. P everywher I set I got reaction peopl look blink said someth like that 's printer P yep 's printer one fit side pocket toshiba t1000 case. P I rearrang content case bit find room diconix 's power supply/charg unit nevertheless wa space left manual spare ink suppli cartridge. M the spare ink suppli printhead singl unit. P when I ran ink I simpli lower retain bar pop new cartridg blotter snap retain bar back place. P the whole process took minute. P while 's simpl enough accomplish move train procedur might better left clam motionless environ hotel room cartridg must prime 's insert machine. P thi involv poke straighten paper clip hole one end forc drop ink onto printhead. P cartridg must also prime long period disus installed. P I manag get ink hand least I shudder think clumsi move could best suit. P that 's minor complaint though. M the replac cartridg cleverli packag seal foil contain rug enough absorb fair amount abus I lug around. P I abl howev ruptur contain cartridg deliber step one packag spare 's extrem test care order handl transport spare ink supplies. M On last trip washington via amtrak metrolin I abl set print diconix usual hassl associ get PC printer cabl work together. P realist though n't possibl singl coach-siz tray table. P sinc I fortun enough seat-mat I abl allot one tray toshiba one diconix merrili print manuscript I work on. P the diconix devic almost alon among portabl printer truli usabl either train plane 's still home work conveni stationari tabletop. M On readili avail plain paper diconix produc respectable- good-qual print. P the charact draft mode littl faint compens increas draft output speed. P the nlq qualiti mode produc dark attract charact I consist notic wick plain paper use. P obvious coat ink jet paper produc truer letter-qu result special paper one thing rememb 're run around seri sale calls. M A signific plu diconix 's use readili avail nickel-cadmium batteries. P all recharg fail eventu replac diconix close nearest electron busi suppli store. O that give diconix advantag canon bj-10e us seal proprietari pack batter operation. M while new canon merit hard look excel output qualiti option sheet-feed diconix notic smaller somewhat lighter. P It also seem bit ruggedli constructed. P for user must print go diconix model 150 plu remain machin choice. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
