<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-732-909  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
An OS carol M the ceo 's mood match foul seattl weather left offic day. P grant compani 's annual sale pass billion-dollar mark toad financ still n't run exact number net worth push three billion paper. P not bad 35-year-old dropout. P but new 10 million lake hous still n't done 1 million custom-built porsch hung custom silli technicality. P even wors press start turn nasty. P busi month done particularli mean-spirit hatchet-job novemb cover stori less. M good afternoon sir merri christma M the ceo look see fresh-fac employe arriv start even shift. P R. P cratchit badg said. P must new guy financ ceo thought. P He 'd given depart christma eve off. P bah humbug ceo muttered. M As walk hollow voic cut nortwest wind. P A tall nobl scottish-look gentleman seem appear ceo 's path. P It look like could realli P It look like kildal he'd drop waysid year ago seven year exact. P sure persist rumor sight near monterey one realli knew. O everyon assum kildal dead. M william voic whisper again. P you 've done much hinder softwar industri claim embrace. P I 'm warn show evil ways. P befor morn 's dawn shall experi three visions. P Do shun P you save still choos tri P and specter vanished. M the first three spirit M that night ceo relax glass warm jolt slip videotap home multi-media center. P A titl appear screen the ghost oper system past said someth clearli amiss. P the TV turn besid 'd meant rent travelogu fiji. M the film open modestli appoint board room meet alreadi progress. P half dozen engin administr circl table. O the film set earli eighti ceo guess base actors' hair style clothing. P At head tabl sat pimply-fac bespectacl young boy. M but ship month boy shouting. P It 's contract M but ca n't bill P software-typ responded. P It 's we'r done 's fundament that. P the whole concept flaw O half function need never defin without system brain damag M what mean P boy shot back. P did n't dad get right whole oper system M ye cp/m function even tri clone one releas 1.7 2.2. P It 's oper system 's toy. P We chang bunch stuff get work all. P We 're tri maintain sourc code 's written three differ machin three differ assembl languag three differ syntaxes. P It take whole day build new version patch branch address hand. P We never know sure whether caught even system n't right machine. P it' single-thread ca n't manag memori 's hardwar depend even start use cpu effect M It n't good ceo screamed. P It done P If idiot ca n't get door friday I 'll take home finish myself. P I 'll write basic I I 'll job n't ship time M the ceo frown shut vcr. P He thought mayb 'd alreadi seen film year ago. P someth look strang familiar could n't place what. P In case much like hassl face work everi day fun. P christma eve. P noth good tube went bed. M the second three spirit M just ceo doze pound door stranger came dress white layer upon layer program list appear wrap chain made paper tape. P who P ceo cri out. P how get want M I ghost oper system present figur replied. P i'v come show employe spend christma lie warm bed. P come william look outsid M the ceo aros walk window saw outsid compani 's park lot. P A figur size build leav build main entrac done afternoon. P He could hear footsteps. M good afternoon sir merri christma heard. P It cratchit toad finance. P the apparit lift ceo carri window follow cratchit build hall office. P cratchit set coat pick ring telephone. M hello dear merri christma No quit I 've still got financ report finish yeah 's almost done. P the text finish I patch figur spreadsheet tabl not long mayb anoth hour I love dear M the desk clock read 4:00 digit began advanc faster faster hour fli by. P outsid sky darken moon rose high overhead. P the clock slow stop 11:00 phone began ring. M ye ye dear I 'm okay I 'm sorri I n't know late No 's go well. P I thought would easi inform machines. P whenev I start top network window 3.0 crashes. O I got ta reboot do retriev data reload windows. P and data format different. P the spreadsheet creat os/2 artwork us autocad 386 conflict do extend I got ta reedit config dot sy autoexec file time reboot again. P and engin tabl xroff xenix. P i'v spent six hour dig document tri convert file ye I know timothi 's first christma I 've got ta finish I come home I n't know dawn I hope I love dear M the ceo awok startl sat straight back bed back home. P I n't know exclaimed. P when adopt proctor gamble' soap-powd approach softwar market I thought OS prolifer would make easier user select one program shelf. P I want sell software. P I n't know disast we'd create. M but speak one. P the ghastli figur white gone. M the last spirit M there would three vision scotsman warn ceo slump back pillow emot drain await worst. P suddenli cold breez blew bed ceo look up. P A tall faceless figur tower foot bed cloak hood midnight-blu robe. M and ceo ask I suppos 're ghost oper system futur come torment well P but hulk figur stood silent beckon ceo window. M thi time look glass ceo found look live room. P cratchit set book-siz object brightli decor tree. P He look older gray templ thin hair. P you know dear said dark-hair woman soft kindli eye stand stair I 'm sure glad got timmi micro 2000 computer. P the technolog 's come long way last ten years. P the intel 786 microprocessor contain four 386-compat cpu two i860 vector coprocessor full dvi multimedia subsystem super-enhanc zga half meg cache. P 200 megahertz 1.2 gop 's incred honey M and softwar 's better too. P the OS automat configur do extend 's got built-in devic driver flash disk cd-rom pen data-entri tablet anim icon ear-con speech synthesi voic recognit works. P and configur breeze. P even do driver perman instal 16 megabyt main memori chip still room 640-kilobyt applic program. P I 'm glad everyth 's voic oper keyboard display would put u way budget M hi wife smile sweetli patiently. P We 're debt bob. P I swear spend far much timmi 's present everi year. P macanalyst say 're still overcompens christma n't get home 'til 29th. P Oh well least help tim school work O she turn toward stair shout okay timmi come now. P santa 's brought big pile present M A young boy ran eagerli stairs. P hyper hyper hyper hyper hyper P A micro 2000 comput P shout run nondescript tan box tree. P megarad plu M system power On P direct OS boot ran diagnost turn attent presents. P sever minut later initi done box spoke cool mechan voice. M power On self test success said. P microsoft do version eight point three bee seven copyright two Oh Oh Oh P anoth pause. P bee colon root slash prompt M timmi ecstat P He 'd finish first-grad pc-educ modul knew say. P cee colon return P instructed. P dir star dot star return M cee root directori autocad slash dot null autoexec dot bat config dot sy comput intoned. P timmi scowled. P He 'd meant open game directori first recit could take forever. P control alt delet P interjected. M the end It M the ceo spun around look back spirit tears. P Is becom softwar industri P It 's got fix P I 'll see get fix P I 'll convert code 386. P I 'll learn 386 protect model. P I 'll even find 'virtual memori mean P I 'll make do user-friendli macintosh. P I 'll I swear god I even I write basic P and specter smile wanli vanish wisp smoke. M and william better word. P He set team best creativ design work project gave free reign follow dreams. P the result OS easi use universal. O It could run multipl task multipl window protect other transpar network support could emul multipl oper system interfac digit research done concurr do sinc mid '80s. M It could handl multipl processor run hardwar load oper system 's file automat emul machin languag non-n cpu architectures. P with 386 protect model enabl user final found freed threat viral infect unauthor secur violations. P So do perman crippl grew becom healthi strong PC user commun everywher live happili ever after. M merri christma dear reader god bless Us everi one. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
