<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-807  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
integr sale manag integr sale manag aselco fast no-fril contact manag tri autom sale telemarket chores. P ism 's great advantag speed plow larg number contact ram-bas contact list. P thi packag cost 495 best choic portable-equip sale staff begin benefit down-and-dirti information-in information-out altern day timer. P it bare-bon approach make natur first-tim comput users. M ism 's interfac provid seven select across singl menu bar databas calendar thing report featur back-up program. P the menu pop like microsoft window submenu overlap previou window appear side. P you wo n't problem move ism 's screen although program lack import keyboard extras. P for instanc there' way get last field contact screen without repeatedli hit cursor enter key. P A contact span three spars screen hold littl basic compani name address phone number two contact sales-rel data customized. M too much miss M you 'll find tradit unusu support featur ism. P the calendar expens tracker memo writer solid flashy. P the alarm featur work within program quirk may stump first. O built-in invoic quotat writer use part job featur probabl ignor otherwise. P though contact databas put meager screen monitor easili organ reorgan contacts. P select list contact meet criterion maximum 1,500 held ram fast simple. P from pigeonhol contact group databas termism us describ user-defin subsect contact list. M one ism 's brightest spot sale call feature. P thi tool let record call summar phone pitch via custom respons list. P it' perfect guid over-the-phon sale presentation. M strip ism miss offers. P Do n't expect data import export on-lin help even user-defin reports. P you'll use ism 's memo writer word processor last resort. P It doesn'r insert contact name address handl elementari edit formatting. P you ca n't write contact note longer 781 charact one phone number auto-di per contact. P add stronger appoint calendar new to-do list toss invoice/quot featur integr sale manag would fare better competition. P but noth 's go help anem contact databas get screen field features. M fast and singled-mind M comparison contact manag highlight ism 's defici even more. P although ism share strong list manag trait packag the maxim 's simpli league. P telemarket want head beefier program nonsal user find littl valu here. M strang enough lack featur ism 's strongest suit. P salespeopl think packag like act much handl may appreci ism' back-to-bas approach. P sales-specif featur customiz call respons list pinpoint audienc ism tri reach. P fast though fast ism set court first-tim comput user pale comparison program cost 100- 200 less. M salespeopl limit contact inform need spook feature-rich program larg manual may appreci ism 's mani sales-specif features. P howev 're sale expect much simpl databas ism you. P too mani import support featur absent. P look ism keep basic contact inform quest top prospect easi sale. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
