<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-275  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
toshiba america inform system inc the 8,897 toshiba t5200/100 20-mhz 386 processor 100mb hard disk 2mb ram one power portable. P extend use system show quit capabl perform task I 'd ask desktop machine. P applic like samna 's ami profession ran fine window 3.0 's le color toshiba' orange-tint ga plasma vga screen desktop monitor quit functional. P nor problem character-bas appluc like xywrit lotu 1-2-3 harvard graphics. P I also play round railroad tycoon graphics-intens game around still good test display showcas satisfactori results. M At nearli 19 pound toshiba t5200 prove much monster lug airport n't accompani out-of-town busi trip often. P instead wound spend weekday time share offic space desktop machine. P not I n't put t5200' reput rugged test. P It surviv intact number car trip PC magazin 's offic manhattan home queens. O We 're talk ride along long island expressway 59th street bridg perhap best known plethora potholes. M I upgrad toshiba intern modem shortli arriv troublefre process. P befor machin ever got chanc leav offic though one failure. P about three week use thin vertic black line appear left side screen. P I call technic support without indentifi told insert do 3.3 disk A drive boot technician explain someth config.si OR autoexec.bat file might caus trouble. P An odd suggest I play along line still upon rebooting. M when I innoc ask I might detach send back screen repair I inform way tell problem screen video card. P I 'll certainli give technician point friendli patient least known t5200 support extern monitor I could hook one help identifi whether video control display fault. M when I call toshiba identifi PC magazin editor I told probabl happen one wire plasma screen broken. P I sent replac screen instal myself. P most user whose system still warranti howev would return machin toshiba 's field servic depart uthor servic provid repair. M To fair call made tech nical support met lot practic success equal friendli help. P I call variou hour never kept wait formor two three minut usual le one. M I complaint one display gener lot heat. P and I thought time I would get use soft-touch keyboard I still invari hit insert key I mean hit delete. M all t5200 reliabl companion. P I n't need comput power on-the-road work anyon probabl find tradeoff weight acceptable. P for serv fine desktop machin albeit one would benefit attach cooler extern monitor keyboard bad support first option. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
