<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-957  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
sale alli when head battl busi world could use strong alli help carri load. P sale alli scherrer resourc may one best-known contact manag program be. P At list price 395 single-us version two differ level multius version avail feature-rich packag appeal sale non-sal users. M the program built novel 's btriev develop languag databas manag system. P the result system crisp text-bas look plenti sophistication. P most screen offer string function-key command list across bottom line display. P some command open window either prompt input offer list predefin choices. P F1 bring context-sensit help nearli everi turn program. M sale alli reli primarili singl data-entri screen drive functions. P room three differ phone number dial automat use modem titl nicknam compani divis ten user-defin field addit items. P when set defin field also get specifi type content accept even point defin list accept respons popped-up data entry. M one outstand featur abil relat record link either horizont branch relationships. P thi make easi jump colleagu level within compani move throughout organiz structur departments. M the program rich use features. P there lot way creat letter rang mail-merg letter report appli one mani record time quick letter creat on-the-fli right data-entri screen. P the program full-featur word process modul includ support laserjet font use do shell featur run favorit word processor. P sinc program take 10k ram leaf plenti room run applic load sale alli let run day. M there dozen preformat report label 's easi creat use report formatt word processor. P you keep note record note time date stamp though edit time date need enter inform later time. P you pop calcul calendar expense-track program. P there also featur let take order phone. M one program 's greatest strenght abil support multipl users. P even single-us version benefit sinc record tie owner access control passwords. P It simpl export import section databas take portion road portabl comput upload chang keep main databas current. P sale alli also import comma-delimit ascii file flexibl friendli way make snap bring data outsid sources. M other multius featur includ abil scan other schedul find time meet events. M room for improv M the program without fault. P the quick letter inclu printer font support offer word processor. P the word processor also requir defin printer instal even though yopu alreadi provid inform main program. P the program big fit floppi disk requir laptop hard disk although access data file store floppi disks. P the user interfac alway intuitive. P for exampl escap key sometim remov current screen time f10 work. P and reason insert key use eras content field data-entri screen. M these turn minor flaw however. P the program fast flexibl efficient. P It make easi get lot work done hurri let save letter report print batch end work session. P It forc confront work overdu macro facil make easi reschedul task later time. M If need strong assist corner consid sale ally. P whether work part larg team program help track task get work done. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
