<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-665-753  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
artlin heft illustr ease-of-us novic common wisdom ca n't thing peopl artlin 2.0 nearli manag thing illustrators. P thi 595 gem-bas vector draw program digit research let novic easili creat pictures. O At end user spectrum profession design turbo-charg work use color layer font tool manag menu options. M twenty-on icon give instant access artlin 's vector-draw functions. P you creat rectangl line ellipsi curv freehand shape well enter text one 35 scalabl typefaces. P attribut color fountain fill assign simpl mous click. P and tool rotat flip skew object allow creat special effect effortlessly. M two brand new draw tool sketch quill let use bezier curves. O As drag sketch cursor around screen artlin automat fit best curv rough drawing. M the quill function requir simultan creat curve' anchor point associ tangent control lines. P while approach demand understand direct length tangent affect shape bezier curv precis afford worth effort. M Do n't buy artlin text-handl capabilities. P although program handl sophist effect like align text curv path overlook essenti manual kern display type. M Do buy artlin uniqu approach trace bitmap images. P An unusu featur allow interrupt trace midstream chang sensit settings. P thi mean conserv memori fewer point smoother curv simpl portion imag maintain accuracy. M As well expect function copi past group merg artlin 's menu also offer advanc features. P mask clip overal pattern shape anoth object blend command perform shape color interpol two unlik objects. M unfortun import tool artlin plane l allow edit bezier curv plain annoying. P In order bring plane tool 's dialog box exampl must double-click somewher draw screen away object itself. P half time deselect object altogether. M the preset view level seem restrict realiz creat save name custom view drawing. P the next time load file choos view toolbox. M the power manag function program hide innocu name option menu. P artlin 's color manag let develop palett includ graient fill save use drawings. P with layer manag segreg specif portion complex draw discret transpar overlap page P By display pertin layer vastli simplifi imag edit process. M the font manag let print letter use intern typefac either vector outlin download postscript-compat fonts. P also convert third-parti typefac bitstream the fontagraph adob artlin 's proprietari .af4 format. M the tool manag give power custom function look toolbox. P the tool manag come complet bitmap icon editor. P new icon task-specif tool like stylu draw dot line preset angl trigger seri menu command functions. M artlin still run graphic environ manag gem interface. P howev contrast tradit gem applic artlin 2.0 make substanti demand system resources. P It requir 505k free ram 3.5 meg disk space addit 512k disk space swap buffers. P I could n't run tsr along artlin found screen redraw intoler slow unless I work wirefram mode. P expand memori solv perform problems. M more troublesom gem interfac gem file format. P don't misunderstand gem format handl sophist imag compat major applications. P artlin howev read file store either .gem adob illustr .ai format export imag .gem .ep files. P real-world applic requir .tif .cgm .wmf file none artlin generate. P digit research plan bundl hijaak translat util artlin 2.0. P regist user contact compani information. M although support industri standard artlin come limit collect printer drivers. P you must use awkward separ menu output postscript files. P A thorough manual small compens total absenc on-lin help. M legitim critic notwithstand new version artlin compet program like coreldraw art letter editor. P If will spend time custom palett toolbox could make artlin applic glove fit illustr hand. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
