<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-662-105  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
letter M where IS support head M I comment regard jim seymour 's column 900-number where support Is head P septemb 25 1990 M toll-fre 800-number support best dead. P where I work everi long-dist toll call account fund long-dist phone call come depart 's budget. P It money I care I pay support call. M If program 's document adequ would one thing. P most manual bare tell instal softwar user must call 900-number support line answer manual first place. P thi creat larg volum caller peopl often end hold extend period meter running. M If I n't like document support practic product I recommend it. P bernard J. siegel univers citi texa M In septemb 25 column jim seymour say go start pay technic support. P He seem think justifi appropriate. M good softwar technic support realli warranty. P when someon buy product expect abl use it. P I think product ethic oblig fulfil basic custom expectation. M just imagin go back car dealer. P you think transmiss n't shift properly. P the servic manag say okey give 200 'll talk P If automobil industri adopt pay I 'll talk servic polici I think homicid rate would double. M free technic support also use compani 's advantag too. O It 's valuabl sourc feedback. P tim hickox cerrito california M I read jim seymour 's column support grow dismay. P sure I 'm happi pay support I 'm dumb figur 's manual. O but exampl happen unit need repair P the supplier want pay call 900-number yet get rma number I pay ship send unit keep unknown length time. P At least let call regular long-dist rate O mani compani routin block 900 976 calls. M servic complic issu charg call go make compani friends. P j.p. P harrison hood river oregon M the 386sx too popular M irec read articl the cheapest 386sx ever august 1990 P I impress editor 's choic micro express ME 386sx I call compani place order. P from downhil I final cancel order today. M the 800 number alway busi later I call regular number one return calls. P I feel owe reader advis 15-month warranti mean noth ca n't get company. O jim deprospero lake oswego oregon M In juli I place order editor 's choic 389sx micro express the cheapest 386sx ever august 1990 P the comput arriv promis I call compani 's custom servic depart I told would look matter call back day. P I never receiv call. P My follow-up call fail elicit response. O reluctantli I cancel order. M just got visabil guess P I charg comput I cancel never received. P jean kreil brooklyn new york M A repres micro express respond M As result articl sale micro express tripl compani alreadi ship thousand machin ME 386sx price quot article. M unfortun micro express caught storag 386sx chip intel. P due chip shortag micro express forc quot lead time 12 week normal ship five days. P In fact start wait list ner caller insist machine. M the call come hot heavi micrp express instal new phone system sever lines. P they doubl manufactur staff ad new tech support peopl new salespeople. P the machin absolut sale price articl anyon wait. P david kay presid kpr inc. public relat micro express M We 've heard mani compani sever shortag 386sx chip there. P reader pleas patient ed. M keep book the M way they belong M I 'm respond letter encyclopaedia britannica cd-rom vs. O book letter septemb 25,1990 P I complet set britannica 3 bound leather. P book impress I wife homeschool son use frequently. M the book one first thing I purchas I bought first house. P I subsequ chang hous bookshelf howev I still books. M I 'm engin former programm I own computers. P I like comput use good I would want encyclopedia disk cd-rom. P pleas thank stan D. frank though response. P adrian J. cramer claremont california M let the donor bewar M I applaud bill machron 's recommend give use comput away school church organ octob 16 1990 column upgrad instal base P mani school church desper need computers. M I must point howev mani case comput use busi donor 's basi zero yield tax deduct gift. P thi either own long enough written complet alreadi taken advantag special provis tax code allow write entir amount comput year purchased. M In either case sinc alreadi written cost comput once. P get write give away. O write thing twice definit allowed. P jay norri topeka kansa M He 's right. P you alway get tax deduct donat comput charit organization. P there howev except everi rule. O pleas consult tx advisor make tax decisions. ed. M lifetim warranti M In regard letter lifetim warranti jeremi B. clark letter septemb 25 1990 I purchas two box ten basf 3.5-inch 2hd disks. P one disk box bad sectors. P I mail noth disk basf print screen format results. M less two week later I receiv letter apolog six new disk O needless say I basf custom life. P teresa van wagner sparr florida M whi johnni CA n't comput M yesterday I read bill machron 's column whi johnni Ca n't comput septemb 25 1990 bemoan busi n't part help today 's student becom comput literate. P machrom special refer groceri chain donat one appl iic custom save 300,000 regist receipts. P He assert program nice gestur someth exercis futility. M today I read articl minneapoli star tribun tell lund minneapolis-bas groceri chain run similar program appl comput donat everi 100,000 receipt collected. P In past year result 342 comput given 160 schools. P lund spent half million dollar giveaway. P not bad marti proop hopkin minnesota M In bill machron 's septemb 25 column state the first challeng get comput real comput classroom M although mine might unpopular point view I firmli believ choic devic instal school irrelev 's applic devic matters. M teacher stress comput end mean end. P student shoulf taught program properli depend prepackag software. M the comput tool student get someth done. O teacher emphas point integr comput solut exist scienc math curriculum rather teach comput scienc discret subject. M It 's machin 's import teach comput literaci 's teach techniqu matters. P johnni 's poorli written program fail miser 32k ram machin 1mb ram machine. P roger claff new york new york M WE need more M jim seymour 's cover stori the first 24 486/25 pc giant step step stone P septemb 11 1990 refer legend samuel gomper said job labor leader everi occas shout 'more M here gomper presid american feder labor afl 1886 1924 actual said M what labor want P We want schoolhous fewer jail book fewer arsen learn le vice constant work le crime leisur le greed justic le reveng richard khamsi eureka california M backsolv backlash M craig stinson 's review lotu 1-2-3-/g 1-2-3/g the super solver august 1990 state current version backsolv includ command restrict adjust cell valu whole number mani real-world problem need round result M As I recal one basic tenet integ linear program LP solut confin integ wide differ one constrained. P If reader run backsolv get noninteg solut round mr. stinson suggest could mani order magnitude. M that 's signific unless job compani life ride result analysis. P woodi leonhard coal creek canyon colorado M A spokesman lotu deni use noninteg method could produc wide erron result order magnitude. P If integ solut requir howev use int constrain variabl cells. craig stinson 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
