<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-692-035  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
oce graphic usa inc. oce graphic could remak old say If join 'em beat 'em P origin releas 10,990 oce significantli drop list price ocecolor postscript thermal transfer printer 8,990 move brought compani 's gun bear qm similarli price colorscript 100. M ignor sculptur contour ocecolor 's case 'll find printer occupi 16- 17.5-inch WD patch desktop real estate. O you 'll need addit 6 inch account length instal 100-page paper tray air right cover 10 inch ground up. O ocecolor us one styliz case ever arriv PC labs. P A curv hood fill machin 's top rear two third structur show hous suppli take-up roll ocecolor 's transfer ribbon. M there function rest case well. P At rear connector provid parallel serial appletalk interfac A one-lin 16-charact lcd display print error messag well list hierarch menu option cover printer 's function includ interfac type manual versu cassett feed. P and unlik stark led panel mani postscript color printer ocecolor 's function programm outsid via eight control buttons. M deeper printer 'll find 300-dpi 5 ppm laser engin power 68020 processor run 16.8 mhz rate remark 120,000-page life. P postscript version 50.3 resid review machin 's 1mb rom 5mb ram use handl program chore imag download font adob type 1 compat P you option expand ocecolor 's memori 8mb imag chore immens enough requir it. M Do n't fool 5-ppm rating. P despit full compliment 35 adob outlin typefac ocecolor text printer means. P In fact oce graphic n't even suppli black ribbon machine. P If decid must print text page 'll process black result sever pass three- four-color ribbon 'll 1.3 page per minut accord PC lab text speed test. P while speed rel fast among color printer 's slower low-end 4-ppm laser printer. P with three-color ribbon rate 100 page per roll four-color ribbon carri 80-page-per-rol limit text print also becom expens 'll find 's cost effect add 1,000 4-ppm laser printer text chores. M If ocecolor design graphic design well done. O under influenc PC lab graphic speed test reach respect 0.6 gppm averag speed two page graphic output. P more speed visual qualiti import ocecolor simpli superb. P although sepia tint black white gray scale bitmap imag contain white gray blacks. P the ocecolor 's output also remark amount detail 300-dpi print. M In color war pm cmyk rgb standard ocecolor surrend panton match system use offset printers. P given softwar support pm color output ocecolor give reliabl originals. P oce graphic even includ util print pm color chart panton recipes. M the one possibl fault one find oce graphic printer handl ledger-s sheets. P instead normal 8.5- 11-inch paper cassett doubl letter+-s cassett fit special 8.5- 12.7-inch sheet avail company. P standard letter-s paper permit 8.2- 9.3-inch imag area letter+ size give enough room success print 11-inch long picture. M the manual accompani unit well done despit evenli divid macintosh PC platforms. P the printer produc excel graphic color brilliant price competit color printers. P the ocecolor printer good genr gets. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
