<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-033  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
endur test M there 's portabl comput portabl PC modem. P not actual comput n't big part equat fact six portabl pc repres form heart endur test. P but join rang devic truli make movabl electron offic realiti whether transport inform coast coast room room. M In endur test 386- 386sx-base portabl system put pace alongsid product lcd panel take present road remov mass storag devic make data truli transport pocket lan adapt plug compani 's network 're toledo hilton. P one review also spent month one popular portabl printer kodak diconix model 150 plu offic even 's hotel room ever realli paperless. M while three comput review provid batteri power ac-onli unit henc proper design transport O interestingli enough weight system involv gener neighborhood 20 pound made review reluct bring along trip involv airplan hop subway shuttl although agre busi travel constantli need kind portabl power probabl handl trade-off weight. M for review valu machin portabl sometim appar need machin could move easili room room offic home provid could get cab P what review also realiz system power often made sens keep offic primari machines. P even ga plasma screen predomin machin well less-common lcd screen prove comfort long-term view author stuck even extern monitor option available. M the past month explos world lcd panel technolog confirm thing sure ca n't sure anything. P for instanc six month 've look product one compani 's unit upgrad twice. P while infocu continu sell origin eigth-color 480c PC viewer earn honor mention back februari 27 1990 progress move first 64-color lcd 5,000-color model prove real stori latter devic capabl real-world presentations. O nview corp. editor 's choic black-and-whit viewfram ii+2 test recent introduc 16-color lcd panel. M most product form basi portabl comput endur test remov mass storag devic portabl printer extern network adapt card went long way liter figur toward prove comput world life truli movabl feast. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
