<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-563  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
outsid In A tsr smart data import outsid In 1.0 system compat corp. tsr let import data popular word process spreadsheet databas packag word processor varieti format options. P price 99 product also come five-us lan version 299. P it 72k ram requir 53k use em trivial program mix match mani file format may worth space. M outsid In recogn file format ore 50 program come ready-to-us set 27 destin word processors. P If fear not. P you defin mani addit applic need sever even one word processor modifi exist ones. O the latter option come handi sometim perform import task comma-delimit data mail merg requir differ set normal use. M press ctrl-i within word processor bring outsid in. P On left side display 'll notic file list either default directori one select. P scroll list 'll see outsid In 's document view window content file support format. M If need better look file press F2 zoom display cover file-list window. P you enlarg view toggl function-key templat bottom screen. P onc 've display file wish import tab key toggl document view window. M outsid In offer number option select data. P first highlight whole file. P hit in key copi data word processor plop spot chose earlier. P If 're import spreadsheet data defin horizint vertic rang noncontigu like bring intersect cells. P other highlight option includ line user-defin block text string. M the program translat word processor 's elementari format code own. P but want say underlin text sourc file appear differ font word processor tell outsid issu command switch font target document instead command word processor normal us underline. M there plenti way custom outsid in. P A paragraph instanc import strip carriag return quit godsend e-mail users. P you 'll probabl need practic spreadsheet databas file set word processor appropri ensur import column field align properly. M one miss featur way save applic 's setup file new name time want program 's usual set particular task. P outsid In also requir time invest configur properli needs. P onc set howev program 's smooth oper help document may make forget ever problem format incompatibilities. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
