<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-732-969  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
echelon intellig for the rest OF US machin echelon 's new lonwork pitch object-ori system market issu content P but distribut control modular i.e. O object orient fundament characterist lonwork announc earlier month long gestation. P lon stand local oper network P In essenc lonwork let manufactur user turn varieti home offic factori devic smart object provid object-ori toolkit lonbuild program them. M lonwork product concept drag along whole new way look things. P Or call tool product standard new infrastructure. P the concept distribut intellig microprocessor node neuron chip built varieti household offic factori machines. P the neuron node collect send respond data commun necessari varieti medium use common network protocol lontalk. P echelon make money royalti paid chip-build oem build node echelon 's transceiv connect node differ medium also lonbuild pc-base develop system use program microprocessors. P obvious echelon stand win creat big standard pie share pie hope gain support vendor motorola toshiba two earli license chip design. M echelon found februari 1988 mike markkula key figur appl comput 's earli history. P contrast echelon 's approach apple' keep-it-al strategi may outliv time P later year recruit ken oshman co-found rolm togeth two manag rais 25 million top earlier 5 million bring concept market. P In addit 's undisclos amount prepaid royalti licens fee motorola toshiba other total invest roughli 50 million. M just-enough intellig M We consid concept no-brain hous factori offic build like autom ground small amount local intellig rather singl control station tri manag everyth central remot location. M thi approach specif mean person comput place rather small just-enough microprocessor capabl handl input make decisions. P If pc improv mini mainfram creat larger market someth even smaller cheaper 10 better ultim even widespread. O after n't need pc control light switch. P you need someth sens current light condit occup time take appropri action. P On hand lonwork avoid collect redund inform sever differ systems. P the occup sensor 's messag could also trigger alarm system. P that alarm system could turn messag guard 's station say. P To secur guard front-end could pc menu select secur build locat P the applic would send messag neuron node appropri lonwork alarm node use individu group ids. M So ye way address locat central point activ go locally. P more fundament locat consid center univers react input respond output accord program command host somewhere. P 1 the system builder 's ultim buyer 's purchas decis also local sens commit dollar extra 5 per unit wholesal echelon 's near-term goal. M lonwork compris four key element M lontalk protocol seven-lay commun protocol open use anyon payment royalti implement neuron chip M neuron chip compris logic i/o three separ processor plu associ memori made sold motorola toshiba royalti echelon european sourc like M lonwork transceiv connect neuron chip standard commun medium avail directli echelon M lonbuild dos-bas object-ori develop softwar program individu neuron design lonwork system two lonbuild neuron emul talk 14,965. M each lonwork node consist neuron chip sensor actuat both. P the sensor could thermostat actuat light switch i.e. O devic made intellig neuron chip. P the neuron node also connect devic echelon transceiv node devic varieti medium twist pair coax power line radio frequenc whatev M the neuron 's input unit interpret messag local sensor remot devic secur guard 's workstat P the logic unit memori perform simpl task calcul respond input program to. P and final output unit send messag local actuat devic light switch vcr autom scrubber assembl line remot node guard' workstat distant water suppli anoth node may also take action even person comput equip neuron. P such pc could maintain databas system inform perform complex calcul attempt maintain central control pure echelon approach envisions. P for exampl could control repropgram devic hous pc lonbuilder-design applications. M We see larg market littl chip softwar develop tool lonbuild applic custom var users. P As object-ori program gener lonbuild programm learn program distribut control n't mean lack intelligence. P It 's intellig result local appli rule procedures. M act local globe take care M the echelon system design minim messag sent across wire short quick local intellig usual minim too. P In short program node fairli simpl whole system arbitrarili complex seemingli intelligent. P see releas 1.0 89-6 self-organ system M each individu chip fairli simpl program interconnect get complicated. P the logic independ network independ sensor actuat simpli send receiv interpret signal neuron node use echelon 's 50-odd defin standard network variabl type snvt custom snvts. P snvt implement id follow paramet commun thing event count temperatur light percentag whatev care measur text string phone state off-hook busi ring connect etc pressur flow voltag etc. P system-build third parti also defin snvt need node send interpret logic act appropriately. M In expert system term individu node gener brittl would n't know interpret let alon handl unexpected. P each design interpret small number input temperatur beam infrar devic messag two master bedroom. P the smart lie overal structur system. P how much programm 's mind much develop tool central control system M the last central decis M interestingli intellig decentr certain technic decis protocol program convent real-world measur must centralized. P get world make decis favor echelon 's market challenge. P At least echelon n't drawback look like larg nasti monopolist yet M the differ commerci decis decentr standard decis made. P one compani need provid everyth specialist light dimmer energi manag vcr program without provid services. P other vendor provid complementari compon softwar make better use them. P likewis custom buy modul need afford particular time. P He need n't buy wire hous one time although 's littl cheaper P most equip ad increment connect exist electr circuit phone lines. P sinc unit uniqu ID know snvt interpret 's great difficulti attach new node M accordingli right start echelon open passiv aggressively. P It gone found two second sourc build chip neuron invit other join. P It work varieti manufactur get incorpor neuron products. M the sign-up far impress yet critical-mass soni amp inc. johnson control allen-bradley steelcas best-known includ leviton major wire maker lithonia lighting. P ibm AT amp T kodak offer bland public bless made firm commit far. P perhap biggest win get motorola toshiba make chip compani cours spend signific resourc sign customers. M De facto versu de vapor M right competit fragment consist varieti central control system small-scal would-b standard work well particular environ market n't generaliz reusabl outsid domain markets. P figur 're proprietari mainfram system echelon want introduc pc impli broad licens cede control custom third parties. P one exampl smart hous built nation associ home builder demonstr commerci product spec one. M the import potenti competit home market electron industri associ 's cebu standard still committe would offer roughli equival function echelon protocol littl els i.e. implement develop tool standard authent cebu assum 's part individu applic echelon implement transport level level 4 aficionado P certainli like appear varieti sourc standard ratified. P for better wors standard concret sens particular applianc home market mind le flexibl le extens market reason. M what echelon bring parti simpli standard industrial-strength off-the-shelf implementations. P echelon want lonwork commod neutral broad address markets. P In fact anyth interpret send snvt perfectli abl play. P the neuron chip simpli devic translat messag format requir variou physic devic essenc give standard interface. M ye lot altern none dedic standard breadth echelon has. P thi one case spend upfront enhanc product itself. P ye 's AT amp T motorola larg firm done natura. P At least seem seen wisdom approach will adopt sinc echelon n't look like threat anyone. M At rolm say echelon 's keith raffel We tri chang entrench way thing fight central electromechan system favor local computer pbxe P raffel one 20 former rolm employe echelon 's staff 70. P rolm actual got busi build standard rug comput militari time militari buy mostli custom systems. P later appli minicomput technolog pbxe replac mechan switch electronics. P funni histori repeat itself. P On hand doubt echelon sell monolith oshman 's still around. O anoth obviou complet parallel role 3com play ethernet M 1 Of cours rais fundament philosoph question doe echelon neuron free O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
