<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-664-691  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
turbo vision debut turbo pascal 6.0 sinc introduct turbo pascal 1983 borland come new improv compil almost everi year. P the previou upgrad brought object-ori program pascal. P now 149.95 turbo pascal 6.0 tp6 give u event-driven program complet applic framework. P thi version far cri one-disk origin eleg instal program put three megabyt file disk. M the compil n't chang much exist program compil new version. P the big news ide integr develop environ fulli mouse-awar multipl movabl resiz window interwindow cut-and-past feature. P also basm new built-in assembl elimin drudgeri count byte inlin code built-in debugg featur previous found standalon turbo debugger. P the built-in debugg 's new featur specif design debug event-driven programs. M undoubtedli version 6.0 's crown glori turbo vision librari object compris complet applic framework. P you think applic framework skelet structur program without flesh. P your program task add program specif skeleton. M object turbo vision librari includ character-bas window pick list scroll bar menu checkbox radio button item make modern program. P the event-driven style similar present manag window though compil gener window code. M turbo vision base event handl standard procedur programming. P all user input pass applic 's getev method interpret input gener exampl keydown event. P thi event get pass first main applic 's handle-ev method. P If handl event perform appropri action. P If pass event select object among subobjects. P the subobject either handl event pass along select subobject. P there also broadcast event go everi object messag event objects. M turbo vision object automat respond certain common events. P for exampl click window bring top window stack make current. P you move window drag top edg resiz drag bottom right corner. P and nice part come program effort part. M To write turbo vision program initi necessari object equip handl come events. P for exampl menubar object type built need specifi caption menu option command event gener user choos option. M If devis special edit window simpli give abil process particular edit keystrokes. P you also get bonu object turbo vision A clock rolodex calendar calcul come sourc code. M the signific chang compil introduct privat field method objects. P the new privat keyword make specifi field method inaccess outsid current unit. P In strict object-ori program never access object 's data field directli exist privat field method way enforc rule. M anoth new keyword far tell compil make particular procedur function far without affect procedures. P thi big improv exist { F+ } { F- } directives. P other enhanc includ pointer constant option 80286 code gener fewer restrict sort obj file link TP programs. M the heap manag return style TP 3 alloc memori chunk round 8 bytes. P thi granular help prevent heap fragment also may caus troubl program depend specif behavior heap manager. M As previou version 299.95 profession version packag add turbo debugg turbo assembl turbo profiler. P turbo pascal profession also give compil make use extend memori let compil bigger programs. P the tpcx command-lin compil creat protected-mod program megabyt extend memori run protect mode. M when turbo C got chic new ide turbo pascal user could gnash teeth. P now TP 6 offer thoroughli modern ide cua-compli desktop multipl edit windows. P sourc code file longer limit 64k edit file megabyt size 32,767 lines. P As matter fact entir ide written use turbo vision. M If like ide 's dialog box select file grab turbo vision librari incorpor program. P ditto pull-down menu system program elements. P and new ide n't everyth want use macro compil creat hot-key commands. M the new ide stash editor data system resourc extend memori 's available. P you might think would give ram develop larger program fanci ide seriou ram costs. P In fact ca n't creat substanti bigger program could use older version 5.5. M If 've ever written seriou interrupt seric rountin 1n old-styl inlin code 'll recal wasa pain task. P not either memor book byte assembl opcod labori count byte jump statement. P with basm simpli write opcod name defin label jumps. M there minor limit for exampl must access variabl ar local current scope fulli blogal. P still 's vast step beyond inlin code. P note also basm n't shell turbo assembl iit 's built in. M the art built-in debug take leap forward well. P for touchi assembl routin single-step basm cod new regist window keep tract 's go cpu. P breakpoint also improved. P In past plain dumb. P everi time reach breakpoint execut would stop 'd pop built-in debugger. M initi standalon debugg clever pass-count breakpoint break pass point certain number time condit breakpoint break certain condit true P with tp6 pass-count condit breakpoint built in. P you set breakpoint handleev method trigger see mous event 100th pass. M In turbo pascal user stop lust turbo C 's ide they'v got P and stop count inlin byte time-crit function use basm instead. P final turbo vision make easi TP programm write program look feel professional. P sure bare recov absorb object-ori program turbo vision 's event-driven program anoth shock. P but techniqu worth learn util offer creat program standard user interfac similar style program popular gui environments. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
