<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-766-203  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
all often say financi consult mike gonnerman small compani chief execut eager deleg respons financi manag subject n't interest much market product develop peopl manag but small compani rare hire sophist financi manag point often quickli outgrow fairli primit report system design start-up operations. P So like buck end back bo 's desk M but chief execut measur financi savvi adequaci compani 's intern system gonnerman cpa spent last twelv year cfo advisor high tech compani put togeth financi IQ test cover 13 topic includ follow six point belief everi chief execut abl answer confid M what 's monthli nut thi tricki question unless M compani 's oper stabl say gonnerman. P ideal M `nut consist basic oper cost would M paid even compani sale rent M salari insur util like. P thi use M figur know calcul monthli cash flow M grow shrink compani 's good idea assum M `nut fix amount M how much product contribut profit M gonnerman point good financi report system M alloc cost includ overhead capit expens M indirect labor major product servic compani M sells. P when look number care may find M product n't realli contribut bottom line even M though gross revenu look good M how much inventori I realli mani compani use so-cal M `four-wal inventori account techniqu M inventori level figur ad subtract go M inventori say gonnerman. P but time error M tend accumul leav inventori report serious M whack A better approach set cycl count program M provid frequent physic count inventori M especi high dollar-valu item item M long lead time order M how long take close book everi month M even without comput bank alway abl close M book everi day larg corpor manag M collect data need le week gonnerman M point out. P the secret close subledg system M inventori receiv payabl daili basis. P when M 're organ account wo n't need `normal M ten day probabl take M what expens I next three four month M thi problem mani small fast-grow compani say M gonnerman. P budget especi develop market M depart tend unreli captur ongo chang M commit A better way forecast cost issu M track formal purchas order everi major cost item. P A M purchas order system enabl compani account M commit outstand allow easi M classif amount vendor depart deliveri M time M what right categori analyz cost P If M financi statement seem lump togeth low-pric appl M high-pric orang chanc import chang M hard spot. P Go back basic develop good detail M chart account assign expens natur M categori break classif M department. P your account probabl complain M reclassifi cost make harder compar present M perform previou financi statements. P your account M right histor record n't worth much anyway M 're broken meaningless classif M michael gonnerman presid corpor financi group 410 boston post rd. O 6 sudburi mass. P 01776 508/443-1340. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
