<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-307  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
toshiba america inform system inc. five month toshiba t3100sx taught two thing one I need battery-pow portabl 386-class machin portabl comput fraught compromis matter good cpu design. P while I pleas 16-mhz 386sx processor vga ga plasma display 40mb hard disk built-in 2,400-bit-per-second modem resum featur 7,446 machin I le impress mediocr batteri life lack manual screen control confus layout keyboard. M toshiba win high mark user-friendli easy-to-upgrad design. P the test began instal 2,400-bp intern modem requir remov two screw hold slot cover place insert modem newli vacat space reinstal screw run toshiba setup softwar assign com port modem. P while unit built-in error correct nonetheless perform flawlessli major telecommun program display high degre compat hay AT command set 2,400-bp modem. M I also instal addit 2mb ram bring system 3mb. O much surpris perform memori upgrad easi I simpli remov screw hold keyboard place remov keyboard instal proprietari memori module. P with room three memori modul system accommod maximum 13mb adequ arduou applications. P with keyboard also access 387sx socket make instal snap need speed power floating-point processor. M the ergonom design shoulder strap option carri case made almost easi lug around 16-plu pound cpu transformer. P the wealth pocket came handi collect press materi trade shows. P unfortun velcro strip outsid case use keep extern pocket flat empti would often catch cloth ruin wool sweaters. P toshiba pleas take velcro outsid carri case. M dure cours review I experi singl hardwar problem 3100sx. P In time I 've travel 20,000 mile machin kick airplan seat throw luggag top trunk car bounc hip walk length hartsfield intern airport. P the 3100sx never fail power never problem read hard disk never complain abus I heap it. M while 3100sx shine 386 perform reliabl fall short mark area specif relat mission portable. P batteri life problem toshiba portabl disappoint 3100sx. P At end evalu I ran PC lab batteri rundown test system log 2 hour 31 minutes. P howev I never abl get much 2 hour run time use standard set applic microsoft window 3.0 ms-excel ms-word do lotu express quick-bas 4.5 even two batteri pack power conserv enabled. M It worth mention though one contribut editor quit impress batteri life t3100sx own note 's use batteri power almost nightli frequent summer thunderstorm experienc part country. P He say routin get advertis three hour despit heavi hard disk access factor would quickli burn batteri lesser machine. M lack screen adjust bright contrast made display difficult read certain overhead light situations. P while plasma display fine environ like window toshiba charact font left much desir text mode. P In fair charact font toshiba us plasma-screen portabl M anoth annoy keyboard. P while feel par mani desktop unit cursor key practic lost vertic column right. P If 3100sx PC I could probabl becom accustom layout switch ibm keyboard desktop gave sever case finger dyslexia. M these minor quibbl asid fact 3100sx surviv endur drive scratch case show 's quit survivor. P It gone long way toward close gap portabl desktop system proven best battery-pow 386sx buy now. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
