<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-507  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
tandon corp the tandon person data pac 30mb storag space spent test period 4.5-by-6-by-10.5-inch Ad pac dock unit mount top dell 310 offic take time excurs meant test durability. P It seem taken nice steadi diet data I 've feed faith alway speedili perform task I 've asked. M instal 770 Ad pac/data pac combin system prove simpl instal standard hard drive. P the isa-bu rll control card insert machin cabl attach back plate card Ad pac dock unit. P A second Ad pac unit instal attach daisy-chain connector units. P the step-by-step instal procedur accompani Ad pac clear well illustrated. M tandon 's version do directli support Ad pac. P user like non-tandon do includ device= statement config.si file load devic driver boot-up. P thi quit common day use 386max I load driver high memory. P I also need run program configur Ad pac run second drive control system. P the paramet easi set I run minutes. M although 2-pound 10-ounc data pac call fast septemb 13 1988 review remov medium I found notic slow today' standards. P it rate access time 85 millisecond aid 128k cach control card. P I copi sever directori intern hard disk drive onto unit went daili busi program PC lab benchmark programs. P thi disk intens oper tandon system took significantli longer time work. P A quick run PC lab do file access test show data pac two three time slower 19-ms. P intern drive random access take biggest perform hit. P the slower speed notic applic make heavi use disk databases. P word process spreadsheet applic gener load data memori le affect slow disk drive. P A softwar disk cach supplement control 's on-board cach speed applic access data repeatedly. M I half expect hard drive polic take away handcuff abus I gave data pac. P I toss 2.5-by-4.7-by-7-inch hwd drive soft side brief case threw onto car seat weekend excurs knock train trip work. P It pain person religi park head drive move machin drop drive tower case tabl top heights. P yet tortur data pac perform flawlessly. M softwar compat import choos drive. P the Ad pac work well system 4do command.com altern 386max memori manager. P I use norton util explor content disk defrag file test drive mani abuses. P everyth alway work perfectly. M tandon 's devic drive attach set hotkey eject data pac drive. P the key conflict editor program although I could easili redefin I opt disabl featur use dpeject util do command line eject drive. P unfortun drive eject without hotkey dpeject. P If system go control dock unit drive must instal anoth system eject data pac. M except slow speed lack manual eject tandon Ad pac/data pac combin prove rug hard worker. P the drive unit comfort size weight carri around I n't pamper transit. P for execut second machin home offic peopl share pc tandon unit provid conveni pop drive fulli configur individu 's needs. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
