<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-983  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
telemag remot control intern sell telemag telemarket program would mistak pigeonhol 495 packag 1,995 network version P while offer sophist telemarket featur abil creat invoic work contact record still rate high-pow contact tracker without them. M telemag take order combin pop-up menu function-key command single-lett commands. P thi could easili confus poorli design program telemag noth well designed. M surpris depth M In fact telemag menu decept simple. P the main menu eight choci Go record add record dial phone word processor report printout filter select record other options. P choos other option 'll find anoth short menu six choic includ master control setup databas util function key custom 30 macros. M most packag short menu featur quickli becom tiresom trudg nest menus. P telemag plenti featur yet avoid usual pitfal nesting. P part credit go care thought choos get nest where. P even import abil access mani command one place program. M for exampl main menu contact-entri screen choic phone dial word processing. P and sever function key option includ calcul calendar help screen shell do command avail anytime. P the result program 's easi use beginn advanc users. P and use 'll find gradual reveal surpris depth features. M the flexibl edg M custom anoth strong point. P As ship telemag 20 field plu free-form note field time date stamp note. P the field includ inform 're like need contact defin 78 fields. P you also modifi standard fields. M other customiz featur includ help screen script text file telemarket might read sale pitch might includ kind refer inform may want use phone. P telemag also let substitut favorit word processor built-in editor defin 50,000 filter select record choos whether use password secur not. M still featur let index record choic field import export set record use fixed-length dbase iii format. O predefin report includ choic form letter label envelop rolodex card list schedul call telephon usag analysi yield phone log part report. M one last notabl featur telemag 's abil run applications. P A telemarket might work telemag day long other program includ built-in version autoswap. P thi free 10k ram shell do leav plenti room load anoth program. P even better telemag run background microsoft window 3.0. M telemag 's shortcom rel minor. P for exampl would use chang filter defin new one contact record rather return main menu. P the one import oversight ca n't creat multipl contact record part singl compani record. O howev work around creat differ record contact sort compani name. M clearli telemag telemarketing. P the combin easi learn custom sheer number featur put run nearli contact track applic light-weight heavy-duty. P rank program choic telemarket one best contact manag applications. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
