<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-969  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
salespro look inexpens entranc world contact manag P the softpro group 's 195 contact manag packag salespro provid eas use equat fast learn basic function satisfi need mani desk- road-bound salespeople. M salespro ship two floopi disk although autom instal program includ manual give instruct concern file 'll need copi make program run. P all necessari file fit onto one 720k floppi disk effect portability. M the core salespro client databas client data-entri screen. O the field includ standard databas 're use see client ID name phone number compani address voic fax phone number last date called. P should wish chang field databas screen fulli customizable. P onc enter client/contact perform varieti task record includ make log call ad follow-up call to-do list set alarm remind need make follow-up call. O you attach unlimit number to-do note client 's record. M data search M salespro provid number data-search method includ abil search across number databas like inform save 20 differ kind search queri use softwar 's macro gener facility. P the program also automat search duplic client entri databas client ID number alert duplic errors. M the client databas other decid custom store standard comma-delimit databas format make export program spreadsheet databas simpl direct. M salespro includ simpl word processor full mail-merg label-mak facil well monthli calendar calcul inventori expens tracker user-defin databas system file protect backup/restor feature. P It also boat host person featur stock manag yield record purchas record ir tax worksheet. M where program shine le brightli may present drawback user depend level complex desir contact manager. O although program phone dialer handl lengthi dial prefix separ local number long distanc especi import featur spend equal amount time offic field offer option time date stamp calls. M the to-do list word processor calendar suffer lack depth well. P for exampl add follow-up call directli to-do list client databas set event alarm buzz 's time make call known salespro hot note attach note item to-do list brought client database. P you attach note add appoint manually. P and salespro automat carri undon task days. M salespro offer strong yet somewhat rudimentari report-gener facilities. P the version test come complet manual softpro group repres claim manual extens revis ship product time read review M salespro excel straightforward contact record management. P It level versatil act other includ roundup. P but simplic essenti give salespro try. P for price may hard beat. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
