<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-759  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
biz*bas gold A bsic part microcomput softwar lore stori end user develop program other want use author publish sold lot copies. P biz*bas gold exampl kitchen tabl softwar success story. P with list price 175 complet list featur program creagh comput system look like attract value. P unfortun appar strength hold closer scrutiny. M develop clipper dbase-rel tool biz*bas gold show mani tell-tal sign evolutionari growth inconsist execut design strategy. M the look and feel M the character-bas text screen attract color choic display reasonable. P you alter head everi field give flexibl alter appear store data. O there seven charact field six date field six numer field six logic field intend user-defin inform provid plenti flexibility. P sinc defin addit index databas search report ad flexibility. M there also context-sensit on-lin help. P If program unabl deciph inform need present window index help topic choos one want. P here fray edg start appear. P the help screen limit content topic printer setup string miss entirely. P some help screen provid sale pitch product publish collect can mail-merg letters. P the sampl mail-merg letter provid program start header spell deal well M the challeng M turn manual support thwart again. P the index provid entri fundament item printer envelop O the manual primarili loos mixtur tutori reference. P there typo word run togeth without space use inform document often difficult find. M the user interfac provid addit challenges. P there mani function key activ given time list bottom screen. P some assign intuit creat letter record screen n't select correspond instead use form O A function-key templat pop-up refer window help rememb assign 'll need manual keep track options. P and use escap key back oper often return back top level rather prior step. P thi mean lot repeat work select wrong report label format get dump back program 's open screen. M there built-in support printers. P instead direct studi printer manual enter correct escap sequences. O thi well good mean program 's word processor wo n't space 10-point time roman laser font correctly. M one bright point howev data import. P provid data dbase-compat format assign field one one match correspond biz*bas format. P On hand comma-delimit fixed-length format data must match biz*bas format precisely. P unfortun manual entir explain complex task. M help ON the way M accord compani repres creagh comput system month away releas version 2 biz*bas time review. P the new version reportedli complet overhaul version 1.1 featur new file structur new documentation. M the version biz*bas gold test sophist schedul to-do list featur offer suitabl extra pop-up calcul spell check time date stamp alarms. P If program avail categori would treasur certainli lot use work it. P the problem uneven miss mani import featur hold comparison competition. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
