<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-795  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
instant-offic instant-offic dilworth softwar 199 program help manag name address correspond telephon call appoint more. P thi packag also pose challeng review contain mixtur featur vari greatli util qualiti implementation. M part inner conflict aris way program developed. O the publish issu frequent updat primarili add new function often result chang way program operates. P A quot second page manual say sinc program updat frequent manual find conflict direct believ screen believ manual. M one problem disclaim everyth appear screen. P mani featur hidden four-funct calcul avail data-entri screen place find mention context-sensit help screen. M On hand program fill brilliant touches. P the fundament featur word processor none. P rather requir give favorit word processor design use one sever major word processor seamless part program wordperfect wordstar xywrit volkswrit microsoft word nota bene profession write QS newword. P limit support provid hand programs. M the way work simple. P whenev need use word processor instant-offic shell do unload memori calss word processor. P If 're take note client call document link client 's record. P thi give unlimit capac note plu search format macro facil offer word processor. P Or call client 's data screen press three key word processor load letter alreadi start date name address salut close signatur block name. P If want even creat letterhead file word processor merg automat letter created. M thi approach limit however. P for exampl instant-offic us word processor maintain to-do list. P unlik program list automat updat inform individu contact record instant-offic requir keep to-do task static word process document. M there limitations. P you schedul one event per contact although latest version program make far easier prior versions. P there calendar get list event schedul day rang day default week start today P there mani use report lot variat option free-form report facility. P there option queri modul 150 provid report power P there user-defin fields. M inconsist interfac M the program interfac consist functions. P there move light bar first screen main menu second. P the data entri screen crowd cursor movement intuitive. P the program develop use dataflex gener reliabl robust excel data import modul flaw bug allow consist crash it. P and anoth bug caus program lose track contact 's note file person 's last name changes. P accord compani repres problem fix futur upgrade. M but also much love package. P It arguabl easiest one use one-tim letter make envelop label print snap even one time laser printer. P It fit singl high-dens floppi disk although compani recommend use hard disk use notebook computer. P It recogn call within area code toll call call requir 1- prefix. P you duplic one contact record creat new one someon els company. P the categori field provid simpl power flexibl search facilities. P there comprehens fax board support. P and get use word processor alreadi know mean use font format featur produc attract letters. M In end must decid instant-offic base need tastes. P It miss sophist featur offer expens program cover basic featur uneven interface. O It ideal use laser print sort label envelop ease. P and power offer integr exist word processor save money train time give best output qualiti packag group. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
