<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-691-469  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
iomega corp If ask figur ideal system iomega 44mb bernoulli box II would definit list. M ihv use 2,599 bbii year now. P first eight month function main storag medium ibm AT although I alway boot hard disk I ran program store data cartridges. P 32-millisecond drive n't terribl fast compar today 's hard disk newer 22-millisecond scsi-bas univers dual drive bbii improv upon I found adequ play disk-intens game well run less-demand applic xywrit instant recal lotu 1-2-3. O It also provid great way transport larg graphic file one system another. P although benchmark test might show otherwis I never abl tell whether bundl version multisoft 's gener excllent pc-kwik disk cach program realli made impact performance. M onc I switch AT 25-mhz 80386 larger hard disk bbii becam storag area overflow data applic well backup device. P the box come backit I use flexibl norton backup softwar P sinc hard drive broken 32mb partit back partit onto separ cartridg snap. O non-partit hard disk system would cours le effect stream tape backup devic beat floppi longshot though. M not I encount softwar compat problem even deal pre-releas softwar hardware-sensit program window 3.0. O sinc n't use irq I esperienc hardwar conflict either. M On hand I run problem chirp cartridg physic damag irrit nois sound bird treap unit. P the first time happen technic support sent replac cartridg overnight via feder express knowledg posit PC magazin P more recent anoth cartridg began chirp iomega repres gentli point I clean drive head month document suggest chirp might stop. P He also told leav cartridg constantli spin drive. P the latter final quiet chirp put seriou dent transpar oper unit order drive re-recogn cartridg pull push again. O iomega say one percent cartridg suffer problem although older batch mine may part slightli higher incid rate. M more serious six month use unit trash import file one cartridg one teeth-grind episod teach back import P iomega surpris turn event although I sent drive cartridg inspect I never inform caus nalthough I made mani attempt find P whether fault lie unit vagari do fat system remain mystery. P As warranti polici dictat sent replac unit I problem since. M As one peopl constantli find short hard disk space bbii godsend littl 2 megabyt mail-ord price tripack 44mb cartridg hover around 300 I infinit amount extra storag capacity. P the bbii realli spoil life. O I simpli ca n't envis work without it. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
