<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-739  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the new gener Of window display I think success window 3.0 go chang think PC monitors. P and process go turn market display standar price point upsid down. M I reach conclus eight-step analysi window window user realli need. P walk M 1 the wide use window go help peopl understand use sever file often sever program open on-screen once. M 2 It n't much good sever window open unless actual see 's go one. P the window fairli large. M 3 accommod sever sizabl window mean need large-screen display. P thu success window go drive white-hot market larger monitors. M 4 the use color window 3.0 display critic help user differenti window process run within them. O monochrom monitor regardless size resolut lousi windows. P the monochrom market long world. M 5 when sever window open fairli larg size larg display discov size color n't enough you also need lot resolution. P blow vga 640 480 pixel even super vga 800 600 say size 19-inch screen n't enough. O microscopist astronom call empti magnif bigger pictur carri information. P So vga certainli dead especi help edsun anti-alias vga-display wizard go standard much longer. P We 're go back multipl display-standard world again. M 6 when 've got push mani pixel around sever bit deep per pixel larg color palett screen redraw slow crawl. P that make kind graphic acceler must peopl n't go put sluggish display get big screen high resolution. O whether futur lie texa instrument flavor graphic acceler hitachi 's vendor I think speed-up circuitri standard part next gener high-r windows-ori video-display cards. M 7 the complic match video card video display get beyond vga-level resolut get hand. P everi time see PC magazin review monitor video card better-than-vga resolut also see companion sidebar run maze choos right card monitor use product review story. P given complic effect integr performance-rel demand actual sell perform packag end user 're go see lot integr monitor-plus-video card plu window 3.0 driver packag appearing. M 8 those demand screen size color high resolut fast perform go heighten sensit relat display issu antiglar featur much flatter truli flat screen display cabinet wast littl desktop real estat possible. M all say day 12-to 14-inch vga monitor busi standard draw close. P but 's go replac medium-s vga M My guess busi pc-display market split 1,280-1,2024 noninterlac display high-end us 1,024-by-768 851a-level noninterlac display commonplac standard. M bigger IS better M screen size P sit PC equip 19-inch high-resolut display run window 3.0 'll see second window make sens even 're confirm windows-hater. P Do n't let anyon tell big display cad desktop publish work they 're joy anyth pc. P but nice 19-inch display 're big heavi expensive. P So I look emerg semi-big screen size probabl 16- 17-inch diagon screen companion monitor 1,024-by-768 video cards. M It 's easi look step theori see dollar signs. P In fact everi one heighten expect potenti costly. P add em wind 5,000 display systems. M which display I 'm use right costs. P It 's superb new 19-inch 1,280-by-1,024 noninterlac system moniterm. P A hitachi graphic chip speed redraw flat tube give incred good pictur smart firmwar moniterm-design card allow move instantli around four-screens-s virtual desktop M and I 'm run window provid enlarg vga display fill screen thank close fit 1,280 1,024 640 480. M It larg margin best display system I 've ever seen pc. P and 's avail today someday. P I think moniterm packag point way toward next gener display system almost everi area. O except cours price. M busi n't spring display cost 5,000 pop everyon 's pc. P but 's magic 1,500 street-pric rang 's I 'm convinc fat part come window display system market headed. M vendor put featur I list card 1,024-by-768 re packag sharp bright 15-inch monitor price neighborhood 1,500. M then stand back lest get trampl crowds. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
