<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-692-019  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
nec technolog inc. nec technolog enter color page printer market new postscript printer carri 8,995 list price close competitor qm colorscript 100 model 10. P the new nec machin equival qm printer mani way well. M the colorm PS built around nec print engin us thermal transfer technolog 300-dpi resolution. P you get black three-color four-color ink roll per-pag cost typic class 0.18 black 0.42 three-color 0.60 four-color. P you'll find ink roll extrem easi instal chang ribbon snap especi sinc colorm PS automat sen ribbon installed. M the control come 8mb memori standard. P the true adob postscript includ full complement 35 scalabl font outlines. P the printer abl print text 2.8-page-per-minut ppm rate black ribbon produc graphic imag 0.5 graphic page per minut gppm slightli slower qm times. P the colorm PS offer complet rang connector parallel serial apple-talk well scsi port option hard disk use store download font images. M while use plain paper printer 'll want use special paper best results. P the print sampl crisp vivd. P nec claim panton certif color output instead choos say simul color use pantone-certifi applic program. P We print sampl panton color found colorm PS output close obviou differ printer produc lighter shades. M the printer cinch setup. P the interfac select use button simpl front panel choic guid 16-charact lcd display. P there dip switch asid plug power interfac cabl back setup run printer conveni front. P even power switch conveni locat side unit reach without difficulty. M paper load vertic bin hold 80 sheet paper time. P the colorm PS take legal-s sheet accept letter- a4-siz pages. P the output arriv faceup anoth vertic tray nec provid privaci cover keep page cover hidden curiou eye office. M the colorm PS go make color postscript page printer market interest 's ever been. P given fact mani nec product heavili discount street printer may well produc strong pressur lower price class. P the colorm PS miss featur found qm competit user find equal well suit task clearli strong contend top spot afford color output. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
