<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-732-965  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
object for real If I hear one graphic object know draw screen I 'll go banana alic confid u recently. P A long-suff corpor programm 's interest re-us applic code icon time screen trinket dime dozen. P where class librari employe custom payment product thing busi deal instead thing comput programm deal P programm may product produc code product get organ 's work done P class librari ultim enabl system analyst non-program design reus code fewer programm make programm de facto product even amount qualiti code stay same. M well time christma found someon work precis class library. P the project n't done yet result class librari wo n't avail open market unless current plan chang stori instruct inspir anyway. P It concern hewitt associ compani deep expertis particular rapidli move field embodi expertis object-ori softwar easi reuse. O inde class librari promis easi reus modif may enabl hewitt associ address much larger base smaller custom could effect serv old one-at-a-time-from-scratch way. M We also look humancad almost-object mannequin echelon use low-end microprocessor make household devic factori offic equip smart object interact. M hewitt associ M hewitt associ base bucol splendor north chicago long-stand reput sourc employe benefit compens consulting. P it client includ 75 percent fortun 500 provid data-process servic 500 client well benefit compens consult 5000 client overall. M hewitt associ outfit see quot yearli survey bonu pension-plan trend forth. P unlik consult firm notabl except mckinsey kpmg andersen consult firm invest heavili R amp D n't directli billable. P for exampl seventi drive forc behind flex cafeteria-styl benefit plan allow employe select varieti benefit long total le specifi maximum. P think process challeng keep track individu plan individu paramet P comput made possible. M found actuari firm 1940 hewitt associ year ago took benefit administr task mani client offer economi scale oper qualiti speed softwar develop come similar project over. P By firm 500 administration-servic client custom softwar grow busi becom complex le appeal client handl inhouse. P not hewitt tailor system client appli updat client 's softwar time congress chang tax law ir reinterpret issu new regul time tax court make signific rule time insur compani come new product get wide adopted. P the result clear say project leader tim hilgenberg fear maintenance. P As amass client build big liabil futur mainten oblig chang hundr tailor system year. P We n't want spend time mainten P but custom system real possibility. M A problem 's opportun solv better next guy M call heavi burden huge opportunity. P for hewitt associ build softwar modifi quickli effect competit inhous effort huge competit advantage. O accordingli firm decid year ago switch build client 's system one time way assembl modular modifi components. P We need way manag chang better say hilgenberg. M the tradit approach cours would build larg modifi applic could custom client. P the problem client realli n't even want applic rang benefit plan option administr procedur vari much compani company. P some compani administ thing central treasuri other human resourc headquart other within divis plant whatever. P some mainfram termin other mini pc network hook hewitt 's computers. O some pay employe weekli other twice month forth. P and cours benefit vari wide variou insur plan varieti perk benefit includ day care subsid hous educ plan variou complic bonu profit-shar schemes. M the answer relev object M certainli lot code could share say noth knowledg accumul hewitt associ profession employe organ M you reus code defin properli find reuse. O but typic system code place. P when govern chang regul usual impact varieti aspect varieti plans. P how find place make fix P and limit side-effect chang make M the obviou answer modish firm object-ori system everyth repres objects. P and inde 's approach hewitt associ took project led hilgenberg partner firm sinc 1978. P the team built quick prototyp smalltalk look appeal prove object-ori concept demo. P sinc hewitt 's client mostli cobol user want someth conform ibm 's saa includ cua common user access spec support db2 sql databas graphic user interface. M the project repres substanti commit hewitt associ 60 peopl drawn three benefit administr servic plu mi group. P the goal case current three administr practic use underli softwar share mani class librari provid singl interfac user. P thi enabl much better commun among differ system help hewitt associ cross-sel instal increment systems. M long-term assum client payrol account depart hewitt system commun mostli large-scal file transfer somehow share hewitt 's class system better integrated. O In way industri client servic firm softwar user may share object repres variou kind product servic rang build suppli machin compon mortgag variou grade ship clean services. P edi set standard invoic payment term like exampl standard n't repres object yet P but 's long way off. M class-consci M right hewitt associ defin object class work implement details. P the three main class employe salari hour employ histori depend tax statu elig medic condit plan rule polici condit constraint applic requir contribut payout event payment contribut loan P all fairli abstract guid logic program. P A second consider implement interfac On platform program execut commun user O and function user actual plan particip would use dedic peopl human resourc could expect learn applic want shortcut M the idea build collect function object implement system assembl meet client 's particular needs. P second inevit rule chang occur modul affect need chang easili reachable. P for exampl restrict benefit payout chang administr procedur might cut across varieti plan hewitt 's entir instal base chang singl compani 's definit elig retir benefit would requir wholesal modif client 's softwar might restrict law union contract variou jurisdictions. M the realiti deal object M the big disappoint hilgenberg say lack tool this. O hewitt associ decid build object-ori cobol pre-processor convert regular cobol compil normal way. P micro focu plan offer one 's announc date run pc do os/2 unix. P hewitt associ need address much broader varieti client systems. P there 's also standard committe sponsor codasyl develop spec object-ori cobol 's product meet yet contrari lot standard ratif market leader gang war market leader M onc compil cobol applic field normally. P the differ much easili changeabl either extern regulatori chang chang polici procedur clients. P obvious appeal client 're still deal familiar-look cobol howev hewitt associ discourag chang code client modif n't get retain subsequ version system see M thu consid hewitt system special sort case tool gener tradit applic rather object-ori environ users. P it job make easier design benefit administr systems. P the output applic go work. O when thing chang tool use assembl new system part chang chang correctli work togeth smoothly. M As note object embodi detail regulatori knowledg busi rule procedur peopl earn salari benefit get sick pay select plan schedul vacat forth. P but construct object part challenge. P build individu system also requir way defin precis system built. P which object want use P which rule want embodi M for part process hewitt associ design expert-system configur tool use aion 's aion develop system. P thi tool tradit expert system run design dialogu elicit necessari inform specif polici procedur implement. P It know choic compat object use repres them. P question start basic mani kind plan pay period complex compens determin benefit calcul forth. M the output expert system select object modul sourc code compil build system provid proper parameters. P the result system cooper both applic code data resid ibm/db2 environ mainfram cooper os/2 front-end use PM screen implement choreograph guidanc technologies. O prototyp screen built asymetrix toolbook P someday cours cooper architectur could easili support telephon voice-respons system kiosk employe lounge. M hewitt associ origin thought build client-serv system databas server object-ori applic gui front-end. P but soon becam clear keep applic central made sens thu share applic logic well data make administr easier. P although client' applic set uniqu gener implement allow share implement system within client applic well reus object across clients. P what hewitt creat applic server applic implement class methods. P cf. P sybase' open server mv releas 1.0 90-9 similarli encapsul mainfram applic transact allow front-end share data busi knowledg implement applic P local differ concern platform interfac detail implement local front-ends. M A head ahead M hewitt associ wo n't say plan launch result system suspect least year two. P At point hewitt associ probabl lead pack actual system although mani idea 's pursu wide accept yet implemented. P but even so-cal miracl object-ori program implement knowledg larg part game. O hewitt 's edg still expertis resel reconfigur easili code skills. P object-orient simpli make bodi experi easier exploit. M consid hewitt associ new-form publish interpret govern 's ever-chang regulations. P it medium binder full descript polici advic procedur execut system work way machin client find convenient. M hewitt alon idea use hybrid specif knowledg semi- automat system gener produc easili customiz updat applic varieti platforms. P TI announc reconfigur invest manag packag built use ief relat database. P andersen consult varieti system target sever industry-specif task base foundat case system. P but signific tool far know use object-orient extent hewitt associ does. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
