<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-766-201  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
sever year ago took look R amp D spend pattern softwar industri discov fairli typic compani spend 8 -12 revenu R amp D activ regardless size profit market segment soft*lett 6/11/87 P We recent decid take fresh look benchmark see spend level chang past three years. M certainli major chang R amp D environment. P most compani develop multipl platform oper system graphic interfac ad new layer design complex compat QA standard continu rise. P At time softwar compani gener much greater revenu three year ago. P even R amp D percentag level n't chang actual budget like generous. M To gaug effect chang analyz three-year R amp D spend trend sampl 14 public softwar companies. P although compani n't entir repres softwar industri whole tend classifi R amp D cost rigor small compani do. O for consist exclud public compani sampl capit nomin portion R amp D spend M the result comparison suggest R amp D spend level fact rise steadili over past two year averag R amp D spend sampl 14 compani move 12.5 sale 14.1 12.8 increase. P measur absolut dollar increas even dramat total R amp D spend sampl doubl 215 million three year ago 453 million last year. M when look specif compani chart interest point emerge. P the R amp d-intens compani clearli timberlin softwar develop vertic market product construct industri 1989 sale 10.7 million P In gener howev top R amp D spender tend larg publish gener purpos product softwar ashton-t symantec lotu spc borland microsoft face aggress marketplac competition. M At low end chart pattern harder define. P but sens below-averag R amp D level may characterist compani face le urgent competit pressur consum softwar compani establish market leader like autodesk aldus. M but perhap obviou influenc R amp D spend simpl histori compani tend maintain roughli percentag level R amp D spend spent previou years. P If 's lesson 's R amp D spend driven intern budget process extern competit sale fluctuat new technologies. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
