<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-699-239  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
telebit corp. telebit make modem sinc 1984 year also manufactur modem ventel racal-milgo. P telebit focu primarili highspe market origin trailblaz pioneer fast data commun uncompress throughput 18,000 bit per second. O now telebit move speed demon cellular air waves. P it 1,245 cellblaz offer fast throughput reliabl connections. M telebit want packet ensembl protocol pep cellular error-correct protocol industri standard. P pep modul us multicarri technolog maxim data-carri capac cellular bandwidth. P over cellular network pep dynam adapt portion channel spectrum le noise. P multicarri signal averag compens fade impuls nois elimin need forward error correction. P addit cellblaz reduc modul rate 100-bp increment theori find optim throughput rate. M the cellblaz requir setup configur step modems. O flexibl commun softwar requir set variou S regist need properli configur telebit modem equipment. P for exampl set s175 regist cellular land-lin modem brand model cellular phone. M unlik microcom c96 cellblaz support land-lin speed 9,600 bp allow put host lines. P the cellblaz commun instal base low-spe land-lin cellular modem 300 1,200 2,400 bps. P It also abli commun high-spe telebit pep-compat modems. P It also support v.42 mnp 4 error-correct along lempel-ziv mnp 5 data compression. M physic beige-color plastic cellblaz larg strong. P It measur 2.5 8.5 13 inch weigh 3 pound grow nearli 8 pound power suppli third-parti 12-volt converter. P the size weight total traveling. P cellblaz packag make difficult class devic even transport fine perform make extra weight tolerable. M becaus cellular commun mobil cellblazer' 120-volt power suppli requir strange. P given conveni featur telebit built cellblaz 's even stranger compani sell devic convert 12 volt 120 volts. O nevertheless cellblaz 's connect well label easi understand. P the front panel includ eight led display statu inform two switches. P one switch toggl voic data connect talk file transfer without place anoth call. P the switch select one two store default paramet profiles. P these user-defin profil contain S paramet set AT command reconfigur modem liter flip switch. P On back modem phone line jack clearli labeled. M In test cellblaz found live name. O throughput compress random data databas graphic file transfer almost doubl microcom modem. M howev evalu telebit cellblaz discov work cellular one system carrier used. P upon investig found suspect. P the cell use test known remot cell site. O thi mean transmiss sent microwav main cell site hit land line go destination. P accord local cellular oper remot cell site typic run littl hotter nonremot sites. P telebit cellular one work defin problem cellblaz work flawlessli switch carrier nonremot cells. M cellular data commun easi land-lin commun simpl either. P use cellblaz requir patienc experi qualifi resel hold hand run quickly. P If lot data send good cellular coverag cellblaz work great. M alan A. reiter execut editor biweekli newslett mobil data report publish water inform servic washington d.c. P M. O keith thompson regular contributor PC magazine. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
