<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-693  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
mlab quick easi data analysi scientist mlab M stand model someth common mathemat model mathematica set apart other painless way match data model fit parameters. P thi 3,000 program civil softwar especi interest research biolog social experiment physic scienc well engineers. M mlab 's simpl oper let enter one equat contain variabl unknown parameters. P you specifi set data variabl either ascii file direct manual input. P you enter command fit sit back mlab find best valu paramet fit data default use least squar fit algorithm. P the program make simpl text report valu paramet although graph result provid equat one independ variable. M while mani packag capabl handl linear regress restrict creat model linear depend variables. O unlik compet product mlab handl nonlinear equations. P A PC packag 249 minsq micromath p.o box 21550 salt lake citi UT 84121 800-942-6284 also gener nonlinear paramet fit mlab fit model differenti finit differ equations. M for given problem could probabl duplic mlab 's abil program gauss mathematica 'd need reli numer analysi seriou programming. P In contrast mlab automated. P mlab' program statement few. P for exampl straightforward if-then program constructs. P In addit mlab supplement critic function largest array special function I ever seen math toolbox includ scientif e.g. P bessel ellipt erf probabilist e.g. P chi squar statist e.g. P kurtosi signal process cluster analysis. M graphic limit two dimens includ graph contour project surfac areas. P the program support output HP laserjet postscript printers. M the interfac rather poor us look feel common mainfram world mlab origins. P under normal circumst edit key backspac although shift built-in line editor. P here access last command enter that' all. P anyth scroll screen gone forever. M mlab copi protect use parallel port dongle. P It get along well tsr manual warn work mani networks. M In world mathematica gauss mapl avail 1,000 mlab 's price seem excess especi consid poor interfac lack lotu 1-2-3 import copi protection. P yet despit shortcom need best fit data unknown paramet mlab like becom central work. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
