<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-699-011  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
three cellular modem M with cellular telephon cost le 200 unit state yuppi hollywood celebr n't peopl yak away airwaves. P about 5.5 5.7 million subscrib use cellular system throughout unit state end 1990 estim herschel shosteck economist special cellular industry. P By 1995 say shosteck figur 18 22 million people. M infocorp compani monitor trend comput industri estim 2 million ibm-compat portabl comput 85 percent batteri power use end 1989. P project indic portabl comput market well like tripl 1995 suggest growth two technolog intertwined. P It 's good bet mani peopl use portabl comput also subscrib cellular telephon service. M but despit sale spurt cellular system million subscrib current use airwav data transmission. P sale figur modem design specif cellular technolog show 15,000 peopl transmit receiv data cellular networks. M one reason lack market push cellular carriers. P cellular system vendor well sell voic servic need concentr market effort data transmission. P and although mani carrier interest potenti data applic n't seen much demand yet spent much time look data market. M also move data cellular system n't simpl might seem ought be. P inde week experiment PC lan lab think set cellular data system task wo n't want tackl without expert help. P besid need cumbersom special interfac devic 'll decid differ proprietari modem architectur deal wide varieti problem concern time day locat type telephon type carrier even type antenna use send data. P the bottom line although configur system move data cellular phone link work well 'll either need help experienc local compani undergo lot frustrat get thing work. M cellular lineup M In review examin three cellular commun option 4,363 laptop itc 386 pep integr cellular modem intellig technolog corp. under- 2,000 cellular modem pair c96 m96 market microcom inc. 1,245 cellblaz made telebit corp. M spectrum cellular first compani offer cellular modem miss lineup inconveni timing. P spectrum process chang product line unabl send u new equip review give u great deal advic insight. P spectrum work rockwel intern chip set new intern 2,400-bit-per-second cellular modem toshiba 's laptop line. O expect avail option late 1990 built-in error-correct protocol includ spcl mnp 5 v.22 v.22bi v.42 v.42bis. M also miss lineup cellmodem 2400 plu cellab canoga park california. P the cellmodem send-onli fax capabl support mnp 5 retail 595. M the truth about portabl M If want transfer data cellular system type phone buy import consideration. P in-vehicl phone transport phone weigh 4 8 pound oper maximum 3 watt even rj-11 jack built in. P portabl phone weigh 12 22 ounc oper 6 watts. P but mani phone buy especi smaller-s portabl way interfac modem fax machine. M the one thing manufactur cellular data commun product seem common lack understand work environment. P normal think cellular devic pictur small portabl battery-oper products. P but unpleas truth equip need cellular data transmiss tend larg difficult instal vehicl smaller van requir cabl connector local area network. P one rare except motorola 's the cellular connect work specif motorola telephones. M the microcom telebit modem larger exist cellular telephone. P these two modem design conveni mobile. O the cellblaz power suppli much-need third-parti 12- 120-volt AC convert weigh nearli 8 pound mani laptop days. P microcom 's m96 could stand go diet well. M one interim solut way market. P eagl cross chicago illinoi 312-247-8222 ship complet self-contain unit name outback. P outback consist motorola cellular phone motorola 's the cellular connect telebit cellblaz modem. P outback weigh 9 pound total power one three sourc 110-volt AC 12-volt DC recharg batteries. P It also includ switch oper standard telephon line. P with product trulli one-piec walk cellular commun station. M connect TO cellular phone M On averag street price rang 400 600 in-vehicl transport phone 500 800 portable. P but buy phone first decis easiest. M If think find hotel room rj-11 jack difficult tri find cellular phone one. P A invehicl transport cellular phone may come one present portabl phone do. P If one howev dumb dial-it-yourself interfac might need anyth smarter. M smart connector hand auto-answ auto-di capabl let commun softwar dial remot comput automat sold extern black boxes. P the dumb version also avail separ devic make use handset' touchpad dial out. P for smart connector see sidebar the portabl rj-11 M telular inc. wilmett illinoi 708-256-8000 patent smart celjack retail 480. P motorola 's cellular subscrib group arlington height illinoi 708-576-0537 licens use telular 's technolog similar product call the cellular connect sell 395. P and cellab canoga park california 818-773-202 sell datajack dumb interfac 145. M sever cellular equip manufactur market datajack labels. P To use cellab interfac plug modem 's rj-11 cabl datajack 's rj-11 jack. P then unplug coil cord connect cellular phone 's handset cradl place attach datajack 's cabl handset cradle. P the datajack us power cellular phone. M telular 's celjack littl complic instal power connections. P there two choices. P trhe easiest run vehicl 's cigarett lighter buy cigarett lighter plug adapt dollar connect celjack it. P If howev alreadi run telephon lighter socket 'll need special ugli double-end power adapter. P altern open cellular transceiv tap phone 's posit batter connect power celjack. P It n't take long 's job someon unfamiliar electronics. M handheld phone M until recent peopl want use handheld phone data transmiss luck except brave soul tri acoust coupling. P soon howev interfac avail two modesl nec p300 novatel ptr800/800a portabl phones. M spectrum cellular 800-233-2119 dalla texas-bas compani market 1,200-bp modem featur proprietari spcl error-correct protocol cellular data transmiss act conjunct two compani develop product work phones. P the nec/spectrum interfac snap onto back bottom p300 incorpor rj-11 port well connect tape record phone headset. P nec even smart dumb version schedul late 1990. M In contrast novatel see much greater demand use cellular modem facsimil machin laptop computer. P henc develop novatel faxer dumb interfac includ rj-11 port connect phone 's audio bu use ptr 800 800a. M cellular system M for hype high qualiti cellular voic call realiti averag qualiti good regular telephon lines. O the hold true data transmission. P mani factor affect qualiti radio signal includ hand-off signal transfer routin uniqu cellular system see diagram how cellular commun work O hand-off major factor determin throughput reliabl data fax transmiss within cellular system occur time. M the extra nois limit bandwidth rapid fade hand-off factor make cellular system connect difficult path data fax modem communications. P It 's imposs task though. M fax ON the road M fax document portabl fax machin portabl fax card often work better cellular telephon send land-lin modem data group iii fax protocol origin design work poor-qual phone line around world. P howev protocol lack error correct could lose data. P but unlik orinari binari file transfer fax document transmiss lose bit end result still readable. M depend type data interfac select fax vehicl easi office. P with smart data interfac fax machin auto-dial/send auto-answer/rec like office. O with dumb data interfac place call cellular phone connect remot fax hit start/send button fax machin send. P when transmiss complet termin call cellular phone 's end button. P To receiv fax simpli answer call cellular phone 's send button hit start/send button fax machine. M fax far common cellular phone data transfer. P mani compani offer product job. P portabl fax machin vendor includ fujitsu 800-243-7046 mitshubishi 708-860-4200 medbar 718-335-0404 nissei 201-768-1520 P these product oper batteri cigarett lighter adapter. M fax go simpl read roll piec paper drive dangerous. P but peopl becom comfort comput continu use fax machin communicate. P As microcomput commun technolog advanc cellular fax help bring portabl office. P befor long exampl car might call local repair shop order worn-out part schedul appoint without help. M modem choic M despit difficulti cellular commun still might abl make typic v.22bi 2,400-bp modem commun packag design use terrestri telephon lines. P It depend requir reliabl locat toler frustration. M In area get strong cellular signal differ power output transport portabl n't matter much. P but fring cellular coverag amount higher power avail make differ success data file transfer transfer all. M If need use cellular telephon data transmiss specif area signal strength good cellular phone accept transmiss speed 1,200 bp 300 bp even slower effect throughput use standard modem commun softwar cellular link. P We strongli suggest use modem mnp 5 v.42 error-correct capabilities. P We also recommend use commun softwar robust file-transf protocol kermit file transfer sessions. M the trick use standard modem cellular line send hay command ats10=12 modem tell wait 1,200 millisecond declar lost carrier. P thi time delay ensur modem stay connect cell hand-off. P you might want increas =12 even higher number area experi strong fade signals. M for situat 'll much better shell sever hundr dollar modem softwar design specif cellular oper offer cellab itc mircocom spectrum cellular telebit. P microcom telebit enhanc exist land-lin protocol market modem harsh radio telephon line environ cellular use. M product compani must cope vagari transmit air use techniqu increas decreas transmiss speed chang size data packet make mani attempt overcom transmiss interfer initi connect stage signal like dropped. P they also featur data compress rang ratio 2:1 4:1 dramat increas throughput. M It 's surpris find best test result seen compani 's proprietari error-correct protocol used. P To take full advantag protocol 's necessari buy two modem one host one remot computer. P howev sinc mani cellular oper instal spectrum 's modem cellular manag center spcl cellular protocol use radio channel laptop 's cellular modem switch office. P henc decid purchas spectrum cellular modem might need one laptop. M without anoth spcl modem host comput transmiss regular telephon line cell site host comput includ error correction. P howev land line much le prone produc error radio channels. M burn the airwav M Of product test telebit 's cellblaz move data fastest cellular link averag nearli 14-kilobit-per-second transfer rate compress file PC lab perform tests. P microcom 's mnp 10 modem n't fast perform reliably. M these fast speed especi valuabl transmit long text file graphic file easili measur half megabyt more. P the faster transmiss le air time used. P the better reliabl fewer retransmissions. P both save money. P In unit state monthli access fee rang 15 35 n't includ cost calls. P call bill 20 60 cent per minut 60-second 30-second increments. P the averag total monthli bill 84 mani busi tend spend much more. M our test leav littl doubt cellular telephon system effici transmiss medium portabl data communications. P but mere effici n't necessarili enough busi tool. P mani potenti user could find frustrat contend interfac devid ac/dc power invert cigarett lighter adapt thick black cabl clutter vehicles. P On top extern modem evalu far ideal portabl 3-pound box size hardcov book turn mobil offic luggabl offic M some mobil commun expert think use fax machin cellular phone popular least short term laptops. P fax machin easi use busi peopl feel comfort send fax learn commun program send electron mail. M one develop affect data transmiss switch analog digit cellular systems. P cellular probabl one last major commun network begin commerci life analog world. O dure next sever year cellular oper spend hundr million dollar chang digital. P becaus cellular phone offer analog digit capabl consequ 're like larger expensive. M unfortun propon data applic first gener digit network includ standard transmit data. P some mobil commun observ say 's indic cellular industri 's lack interest data lack foresight. P other say industri n't suffici time develop voic data standard left data second generation. P No matter reason lack standard like hamper develop digit data product increas costs. M cellular data commun infancy. P like young industri user resel vendor need commun cooperate. P with industri growth come improv product service. P for recommend contact reput experienc reseller. P insist on-sit demonstr vari condit test greatest reliability. M even though review focu cellular modem modem small portion cellular data equation. P We use product servic compani deserv recognition. M cellular one fort walton beach florida provid u air time uniden tranport phone. P the compani 's staff help professional. P they quickli respond problem abl use telebit cellblaz cellular one 's system. P the system 's engin immedi contact telebit work solution. M southwestern bell dalla texa also provid u air time expert help. P southwestern bell instal larg amount data equip markets. P sinc southwestern bell experi product test provid great deal insight do don't cellular data transmission. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
