<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-714-033  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the seiko colorpoint PS 4 still wing At last possibl moment seiko instrument inc. sent u newli announc colorpoint PS model 4. O almost late regular deadlin printer turn pre-product unit ordinarili would n't cover even though lack final rom upgrade. P howev see brilliant color 300-dpi output postscript-compat printer along uniqu capabl beyond even higher-pr competit felt deserv pass mention especi given 6,999 price 1,000 lower next least-expens choice. M built around seiko 's ch5500-seri thermal transfer engin PS 4 offer postscript-compat way phoenixpag phoenix technologies. P the phoenix version postscript seem work well enough the printer sail PC lab compat test without complaint. O As would expect 35 built-in bitstream font match usual adob postscript offerings. P accord seiko printer accept type 1 type 3 font well. M the seiko engin rate 1 ppm three-color ink sheet test littl slower text speed 0.86 ppm. P On more-signific graphic speed test PS 4 manag 0.35 gppm. P although 's half speed printer categori 's within accept range. M more import speed color qualiti brilliant. P As typic three-color print black white imag sepia ting except black solidli fill in. P text well form suitabl black make accept label color image. P If output includ gray shade howev 'll want use four-color ink sheet ad black ink. P the product model also includ pantone-licens softwar printer-specif recip three- four-color panton simulations. M price ink sheet 70 176-imag three-color roll 62 123-imag four-color roll. P the price per imag work 40 cent three-color roll 50 cent four color. P A 70 monochrom ribbon yield 600 imag 11.7 cent per image. M the seiko engin notabl use roll paper. P thi give plenti extra paper hold onto without need larg top bottom margin final product. P when printer finish last pa cut excess top margin cut excess top end result featur larger imag area printer category. M the paper roll come three width yield letter- a4- A super-s 8.8 15-inch formats. P the claim maximum imag size 8.5 13 inch A super format. P the imag letter-s paper measur PC lab edg edg test remark larg 8.2 10.7 inches. O transpar roll come letter A4 size only. P It 's also worth note seiko announc 9,999 colorpoint PS 14 essenti wide-carriag version PS 4 abl print b-size 11- 17-inch paper. P thi present wonder present spreadsheet graphic possibilities. M like printer categori colorpoint PS 4 multipl connector parallel serial scsi appletalk connections. P all activ simultan plug PC mac exampl print either one without chang settings. P the printer also second scsi connector allow room hard disk store addit fonts. P howev seiko current sell drive. P the option memori upgrad standard 6mb price 1,000 4mb upgrad 8,200 28mb. P maximum ram remark 34mb. M setup straightforward. P asid plug cabl cabl load ink sheet paper roll procedur 's clearli explain manual. P the 22 button front panel look daunt need chang set 16-charact lcd give understand responses. P the manual also clearli explain menus. M the pre-product rom miss featur includ abil print test images. P also printer crash occasion forc u turn get work again. P when call seiko compani trace crash faulti rom burner rather inher problem firmwar itself. M all told colorpoint PS 4 promis better-than-averag value. O the problem show PC lab test sort glitch would expect encount pre-product unit. P the bottom line At 6,999 colorpoint PS 4 bring postscript-compat thermal transfer color print even afford price. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
