<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-688-457  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
total recal contact manag softwar total recal movi titl 's mental power anyon us telephon would love have. M imagin scenario phone ring pick caller say hello john smith xyz corp. M within second rememb everi phone convers 've ever mr. O smith connect organ fax number account balanc 's client wife 's name. P smoothli respond Hi john. P We n't talk sinc call robinson project august. P I hope letter I sent septemb 2 helped. P By way 's barbara P needless say mr. smith impressed. M pim with A purpos M contact manag packag look first glanc like custom flat-fil databas applications. P In fact packag built databas languag particularli dbase clipper. M unlik general-purpos person inform manag pim review novemb 23 1990 issu PC magazin order from chao pim tackl your desktop 15 contact manag evalu design specif keep record phone call client contacts. O most present screen fill field contact name number address past conversations. P alarm tickler indic make call say. P calendar add pim function remind call need make next tuesday keep track appoint well. M most packag take contact databas use print envelop gener mail label produc form letters. P If fax board present PC lan may abl send fax desk. O desktop util like calcul clock expens tracker also typic included. M form fit and function M while contact manag evalu perform similar task auto-di differenti peopl use them. O heavy-duti system like telemag design organ intens telemarket operations. P typic featur includ data import export capabl capac unlimit number record databas abund suppli predefin report quick shell do run applic robust complement pim function expens track custom options. P they also avail network version password security. M focus uniqu need telemarket forc telemag less-pow eighty/20 advanc includ function creat script prompt telemarket deliv sale pitch. P thi packag also includ autoswap shell do program resid 10k ram. P other system keeptrax provid easi exist do without kind memori swap program continu devour enough memori render function essenti useless. M anoth distinct group contact manag user requir differ featur set. P the salesperson reli heavili laptop would littl use depth high-end solut may opt system multipurpos breadth. P thi user work primarili independ contact manag softwar thu would prefer morebas self-contain product tool contact organ phone log appoint book word processor. M here also portabl program 's capabl fit code one floppi disk space spare contact inform advantage. O the sacrific usual inconsequenti electron manual may need remov essenti function basic search to-do list client histori automat rollov unmad telephon call miss appoint retained. P for salesperson road rigid input format minim custom option conveni rather shortcomings. M other packag emphas function valuabl across varieti busi environments. P act version 2.0 includ upscal word processor support 300 printers. P while integr sale manag bare featur set perform function admir speed. P As general-us contact manag the maxim allow input comprehens contact inform custom searches. M contact manag part price similarli person inform managers. P the packag evalu rang 69.95 no-fril busi contact inform manag 795 feature-rich pursuit. M UP the organ M It 's import consid wider solut buy one packages. P while nine packag special network version provid multipl databas sever user track contact independ one PC more-sophist solut extend beyond scope evaluation. P although high-end higher-cost vertic market applic ubiquit conatact manag softwar dedic provid custom solut emerg competit inform management. M for exampl entir categori softwar refer salesforc autom P the lead packag arena salemak softwar 's salemak plu price 695 singl user version 2,495 five-us lan version 995 addit five-us node. O salemak softwar emphas advantag corporatewid contact-inform share suggest scenario field sale rep transmit daili activ back compani lan night get whatev report need corporatewid database. M sale maker softwar also sell corpor develop system mi staff want custom software. P the compani also custom softwar organ special needs. M real world solut M you also find contact manag softwar link familiar account packages. P realworld corp. 's realworld sale manag solut good example. P thi packag purchas 695 like tha peopl opt 1,995 network version. P sm featur 'd expect contact manag packag also allow sale manag monitor incom due incom receiv revenue. P the packag 's interfac match realworld acclount seri ite realworld 's inventori order-entri account receiv invoic job cost modules. M becaus tight integr realworld account seri evalu packag single-us contact managers. P it excel connect account softwar make unwid hard recommend standalon solut mani lowoverhead easy-to-us altern available. P As part complet front-to-back sale forc autom system howev sm great addit wide use realworld account series. M anoth approach taken sbt corp. best known dbase-bas account software. P sbt offer corpor contact manag organization-wid contact manag track incom outgo call durat connect sale activ relat call directli sbt account software. P thi 1,395 packag gener call list base sale inform taken account receiv sale order file fax server avail user send fax directli pcs. M futur shock M As commun technolog improv contact manag destin becom even simpler use. P you may wonder exampl far away system identifi person call bring appropri sale record even answer phone. P caller ID technolog also known automat number identif ani avail state case face legal opposit ground privaci right violat would seem make easi obstacles. M first concept worthwhil organ like mail-ord firm handl mostli inbound calls. P If sell make call 's point. P second face problem incom call identifi pbx system compani client call person extension. P and mci AT amp T settl standard caller ID make great leap forward even isdn technolog make possibl prolifer quickly. M for time still need pick phone make answer call frequenc good contact manag serv steel-trap memori wish alway had. M review criteria M the 15 contact manag packag includ round-up evalu standalon packag design individu salesperson review sales-forc autom packag like salemak plu realword 's sale manag softwar upcom issue. P although requir evalu packag run one two floppi disk make viabl take floppi disk-bas portabl road. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
