<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-732-971  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
platform for comput forum the fourteenth annual PC platform comput forum take place tucson march 10 13 two month later warmer last year. P the theme beyond desktop network notepad legaci P As subscrib receiv registr materi already. P If n't subscrib would like attend pleas contact us. P We would glad sign newslett forum. P If someon els compani PR agenc investor subscrib may abl regist subscript two registr per subscript M As happen titl item actual refer particular product one hand topic area other. P network lotu note inform management. P legaci sybas open server cic applic develop interoper achiev object-ori approaches. P notepad GO new oper environments. O our goal provid focu previou year frame discuss day around singl product ampl input compet product altern approach competitor resel user give ultim verdict. M but rather seri speech say inform manag monday 'll center discuss sort compare-and-contrast provok concret live discussion. P products/approach consid includ e-mail filter reach/coop amp lybrand 's knowledg network american inform exchange. M On tuesday 'll address legaci data applic busi rule procedur user compani want repres execut software. P who control P how mi pc user work togeth P Is better reverse-engin start O doe make sens simpli encapsul mainfram applic sybas open server cic approach releas 1.0 90-9 rebuild scratch P what 's relat server object see page 5 P Is object-ori program solut softwar complex anoth caus P for vendor attempt sell larg custom key question akin current fascin provid connect spreadsheet mainfram databas broader technic challeng scale. P product approach includ object-ori program reverse-engin tool new transaction-ori develop tool. M final wednesday 'll discu notepads. P but network import hardwar medium information-shar notepad import mobil comput medium new approach computing. P they promis possibl emerg new oper environ notepad ultim desktop contend includ GO activ book desktop competit patriot partner next others. M featur speech includ wang 's steve levin visual qualit data text prioriti workflow data structur program sequenc ken oshman wire world bottom intel 's andi grove power platform P In addit bionom author michael rothschild provid new perspect competit econom evolution. M pleas plan stay three day discuss notepad new oper environ wednesday. P the confer end day noon speech electron frontier foundat co-found mitch kapor grate dead lyricist john perri barlow close confer kick limited-spac tour biospher experiment self-suffici ecosystem. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
