<DOC>
<DOCNO>  ZF109-670-333  <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
what 's A name apart bafflegab technolobabbl gobbledygook 're subject daili busi common definit plain wrong. P It 's late save other may hope. M the hacker example. P thi word describ person utterli dedic understand appli underli technolog hardwar softwar someon afraid pick solder iron build someth scratch. M the first hacker n't ear drink sleep quest perfect understand processor oper system application. O but popular press stumbl across crimin subspeci hacker-lik peopl break comput sometim wreak havoc. O In ensu articl origin definit word irretriev lost. P I use hacker. P now I 'm earli adopt pioneer something. P It 's same. M edutain M thi recent coinag found thesi educ softwar inher bore entertain softwar inher worthless. O edutain hope convey sens softwar child educ entertain time. P one critic snif word edutain coin someon obvious knew noth either P I 'm sure 's true I 've seen worthi exampl entertain educ program carmen sandiego collection. M the learn compani 's sharyn fitzpatrick offer except levelhead counter-definit edutain child 's software. P the implic cours good. P the cold fact moment isn't. P the advent comput higher video resolut infinit superior sound make program far engag therefor educational. P the capabl offer new hardwar may salvag respect educ entertain softwar obviat need new word. M 80486 M what 's list P It 's content I 'm one 80486 utter misnomer. P In earlier exampl intel hundreds-level revis major enhanc chip' address capabiliit chang instruct set. P what 80486 386dx math coprocessor littl bit cache. P ye 's marvel integration. P ye 's faster. P ye demand insignific fraction 386 market. M what 's problem P intel er name 486 call undu attent cpu chip approv process. P coupl fact 25-mhz 486 offer 12 15 percent boost 33-mhz 386 's tough justify. M better intel name 386mx. P the M would signifi 's math coprocessor on-board 'll get cheap thrill say 386mx first week. P intel would abl posit chip cost-effect highli integr choic alreadi approv product family. M instead got raft pointless machin like ibm 's model 70 power platform other significantli faster 386 forebears. P the on-board cach woefulli inadequ seriou applic time 486 save money absolut need math coprocessor. P have check list price 80387 late P If believ intel ask mere 994 33-mhz version. M speed final factor differenti 386 486. P the chip architectur intel 's market limit 386 current 33-mhz plateau 486 go 40 50 mhz. P but 's poor excus chao caus introduct 486. M multimedia M In time may abl someth one. P multimedia hardwar softwar definit way term complet misnomer. P We 're realli take extend video audio perform inclus cd-rom player. P So ye multipl storag medium 's import part. P A tradit multimedia system videodisk slide project stereo playback equip expens synchron hardwar necessari match capabl new level one specif pcs. M accord level one specif grew annual cd-rom coner machin show photorealist 256-color vga imag sport stereo digital-to-analog convert on-board digit signal processor sound synthesis. P So realli repres end crummi sound bare adequ video whole new set present media. P pc alway made sound put imag screen. P whi start call multimedia machin 're final passabl well M I propos industri come styliz logo tripe S S cube stand sight sound storage. P It would affix front panel level one machin come form sticker includ upgrad board tht take 286 386 machin instal base level one specification. M We press chiefli respons dissemin coinag pervers mean 's everyon 's respons polid languag keep commun meaning free unnecessari jargon possible. P our everyday shorthand mip meg lan streamlin commun bad coinag imped it. O 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
