<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0204 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
kingsley ami turn 65 year finest comic novelist england produc sinc evelyn waugh like mr. waugh often said reactionari social view charg unfound certainli take mordant view standard liber pieti social femin emancip cultur life style educ middl class phenomenon sacr liber mind mr. ami clearli feel deep revuls He n't shi express either On contrari relentless hilari devast It expect therefor would easili forgiven butt joke n't hi last novel stanley women revil especi feminist met difficulti find american publish with new novel howev even mr. ami 's implac liber critic persuad suspend hostil It the old devil summit 294 page 16.95 repres fundament chang mr. ami 's attitud toward human natur modern societi anyth els far the old devil respect grimmest novel mr. ami yet written moreov humor though time uproari kind mitig author 's disabus view human condit the laughter book other mr. ami leaf bitter aftertast what chang mr. ami 's subject In the old devil write onset old age physic debil social humili moral illumin write condit insid the result book vivid origin understand wise like becom least stomach face dour implic classic among novel deal old age comic classic the stori set small coastal town south wale 1980 the old devil titl group mostli retir middle-class sexagenarian wife long live commun know everyth know some men literari least academ ambit daili life circl age friend le settl routin bound local pub men get-togeth 's hous woman quantiti drink whiskey men wine woman keep state perpetu inebri civil their marriag though mostli surviv variou state disrepair likewis health though wale perhap could geriatr medicin expect smile quit benignli upon gargantuan intak alcohol describ novel howev placid surfac routin life may mind charact nonetheless awash sundri regret recrimin guilt mostli erot misadventur youth function steadi drink cours assuag tranquil thi gener succe crisi visit upon return midst glamor coupl alun rhiannon weaver long occupi special place erot reveri alun weaver handsom televis person moder success declin career profession say phoni welshman london return wale hope reviv sag fortun nativ ground like still-beauti wife rhiannon also lost love sever charact prove eager ever succumb charm unlik rhiannon howev prof appeal woman mr. ami ever creat fiction alun complet rogu callou behavior toward everyon old circl friend woman precipit climact event stori make mistak the old devil harsh caustic unremit tale disappoint hope aggrav memori sublim passion yet happi end sort right expect true comedi mr. ami never avert glanc wreckag mind bodi age bring wake end strike surpris persuas note forbear and along way flawlessli construct tale spring mani surpris revers sympathi understand never doubt fact presenc master storytel face worst somehow come term mr. kramer editor the new criterion 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
