<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0038 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
A group limit partner su ivan F. boeski relat compani alleg arbitrag misl organ 1 billion invest partnership 1986 and lawsuit name major law firm first time defend volum litig grow wall street insider-trad scandal the suit seek damag new york attorney stephen fraidin well law firm fri frank harri shriver amp jacobson alleg firm suggest boeski partner invest ventur call ivan F. boeski amp co. l.p It alleg partnership document prepar fri frank firm regularli repres mr. boeski mislead the suit also name new york-bas financi servic concern seligmann harri amp co. say help secur investor ventur drexel burnham lambert inc. new york invest banker boeski partnership two defend two men plead guilti insider-trad scandal denni levin martin A. siegel the former invest banker said provid insid inform pend merger acquisit mr. boeski agre plead guilti feloni charg relat insid trade file friday feder court manhattan lawsuit alleg plaintiff misl document fail disclos among thing crimin violat mr. boeski later agre plead guilti the suit also say prospectu fail disclos certain financi interest drexel partnership declar mr. boeski famili fail promis invest least 20 million partnership the suit also alleg defend regist partnership offer secur exchang commiss At fri frank major new york law firm rare find either end lawsuit co-chairman leon silverman said inclus law firm one partner lawsuit irrespons the suit lack merit whatev ad mr. silverman speak firm mr. fraidin inde reveal plaintiff counsel refus opportun offer examin fact file lawsuit We leav other discern true motiv includ u lawsuit intend defend litig win A drexel burnham spokesman said neither drexel burnham employe particip way placement boeski limit partnership interest So far 're concern suit frivol attempt involv drexel total without merit attorney mr. boeski declin comment the lawsuit also seek restitut award unspecifi damag partnership mr. boeski relat compani under partial dissolut mr. boeski 's main arbitrag fund approv sec last week limit partner stand recoup 278 million origin 338 million invest debentur holder provid addit 660 million mr. boeski 's approxim 1 billion fund alreadi repaid In effect lawsuit seek recov rest limit partner origin invest partnership spent fee lost trade activ It n't clear fund boeski compani would avail repay claim the lawsuit file behalf 40 plaintiff individu compani invest mr. boeski includ lewi lehrman recent name senior advis morgan stanley group inc. 's asset manag unit martin peretz editor chief chairman new republ magazin number institut investor sever insur compani includ home insur co. subsidiari newark del.-bas home group inc. lincoln nation life insur co. unit lincoln nation corp. fort wayn ind sever british investor one institut plaintiff claim suit offici ask mr. boeski directli whether claim superior inform knowledg base insid inform boeski state unequivoc use 'insid inform use 'insid inform would jail petit declar home insur co. alleg origin declin invest partnership n't know mr. boeski june 1986 mr. fraidin suggest home opportun invest boeski good deal pass vouch boeski 's skill integr 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
