<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0074 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
new york 's two largest futur exchang follow recent shift leadership lay groundwork merger exchang offici said member new york mercantil exchang commod exchang new york held privat exploratori talk annual futur industri associ convent late last week and offici said recent form joint merger committe step effort examin issu the ad hoc committe consist four board member exchang the potenti benefit merger would enorm marketplac industri offici say A combin entiti would give new york visibl industri domin chicago say that turn would translat far greater competit clout either new york merc comex particularli market new product industri offici say further exchang would save money merg trader would wider array market particip add current new york merc trade energi futur along platinum palladium comex trade gold silver copper aluminum contract merger specul fuel part comment made william M. bradt new york merc 's new chairman member exchang mr. bradt public privat discuss said pursu possibl merger one lead item agenda I 'll push push push mr. bradt said ad alan J. brodi recent elect chairman comex there groundswel support merger among comex member skeptic abound howev the idea comex-new york merc merger n't new exchang flirt move nearli 10 year and futur industri offici trader conced merger make sens paper question whether either exchang 's membership would ever agre most trader independ argu jame kurt dew consult comex other contend conflict person big ego get way nevertheless renew sens optim among exchang leader especi new york merc mr. bradt last week succeed michel D. mark chairman sinc 1978 mr. bradt perceiv mani flexibl mr. mark said lewi J. horowitz presid new york futur exchang new york stock exchang subsidiari mr. brodi formerli comex presid recent elect first full-tim salari chairman exchang said inform talk result two exchang commit make seriou headway toward combin the joint merger committe initi focu sever area includ common clear floor facil trade system said A. georg gero new york merc treasur committe member mr. bradt elect member committe said see peopl will listen ever merger prospect after privat dinner meet mr. bradt new york merc offici fowler C. west commission commod futur trade commiss said mr. bradt 's appar tenaci seem new initi merger area mr. west ad n't forese regulatori problem move industri offici said combin probabl would first step toward merger five new york exchang the new york merc comex coffe sugar amp cocoa exchang cotton exchang occupi space world trade center new york futur exchang locat adjac big board block away some industri execut stress howev combin five would face much stiffer opposit merger new york merc comex and even merger combin new york merc-comex still would dwarf nation 's two largest exchang chicago board trade chicago mercantil exchang togeth captur three-quart u.s. futur trade volum moreov merger would take time industri execut suggest would take two year work nevertheless new york exchang leader say 're strive combin plan move new build expect complet 1990 In meantim market becom interrel increas awar benefit move exchang offici said and futur execut say newer younger trader new york exchang oppos older member break exchang boundari It wo n't happen tomorrow 'll sooner expect say mr. horowitz 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
