<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0192 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
toshiba corp. make one million microwav oven year japan thi year hisao tanaka prevail 60,000 power american-mad capacitor huge u.s. trade deficit japan 120,000 narrow for mr. tanaka veteran toshiba manag work offic park boston suburb persuad tokyo colleagu buy u.s. part microwav oven would small import victori In past toshiba 's engin resist substitut american japanes part As toshiba 's head buyer u.s. mr. tanaka heavili engag japan 's latest trade war hi mission buy american At time though seem like mission imposs japan 's import u.s. good inde increas sinc toshiba big japanes compani began much-public buy-american campaign 1985 gain n't come easili trade deficit grown shrunk mr. tanaka partli blame u.s. compani all often lament seem go way sell toshiba they declin bid contract n't offer immedi profit refus provid prompt servic toshiba expect occasion insult japanes compani diversifi multin 18.74 billion sale last year demand cash deliveri I n't think 'd insist gener electr say pointedli some u.s. compani hand question whether toshiba seriou buy american A request inform mr. tanaka fish expedit noth happen say linda saul administr computerized-design compani 's sale offic hall mr. tanaka conced everi 10 u.s. compani talk one end busi toshiba and acknowledg colleagu back japan n't deepli commit buy american It take time buy new product especi outsid japan nobodi want take risk chang supplier explain So despit dollar 's two-year 40 declin yen make american good cheaper japan u.s. trade deficit japan remain huge although japan 's import u.s. good rose 19 26.88 billion last year export u.s. also rose 19 81.91 billion As result merchandise-trad deficit grew 55.03 billion 46.15 billion 1985 some economist contend matter time higher yen make u.s. good cheap japanes buy We disappoint american export n't pick expect say hugh patrick economist columbia univers but thing tend export industri product certainli take time gener contract start make sale A look mr. tanaka 's frustrat show hard mani cultur corpor differ imped u.s. sale japan matter interest side claim mr. tanaka insist toshiba clearli commit buy american the compani open procur offic last fall anoth one first san francisco doubl number buyer america eight tripl total u.s. procurement-offic budget 1 million year each day toshiba 's u.s. buyer get stream facsimil messag tokyo ask find potenti vendor get price quot track delay order occasion mr. tanaka soon transfer toshiba 's intern procur oper tokyo seek u.s. supplier go trade show collect catalog even knock nearbi door the extra effort say start pay thi year toshiba expect place order 300 350 u.s. compani 200 1984 A ge-typ conglomer toshiba buy lot thing u.s. semiconductor motorola inc. work station sun microsystem inc. automat test equip teradyn inc. last year mr. tanaka supervis purchas 46 million u.s. good 53 1985 To help toshiba increas import mr. tanaka even suggest buy u.s. golf ball sell 60,000 japanes worker We must show enjoy higher exchang rate say mr. tanaka purchas lot u.s. beef avoid american-japanes car war drive german audi all told toshiba expect import 520 million good around world fiscal year end march 31 purchas trade compani offic foreign compani japan about 70 import come u. nevertheless build american purchas slow work say mr. tanaka put 13-hour day order talk execut japan 6 p.m. 9 p.m. eastern time It took almost year train employe buy foreign product say today say mr. tanaka chain-smok coffee-gulp 36-year-old midfive-figur salari If condit buy u.s. good japanes compani toshiba polici buy america two year ago would bought japanes for exampl found toshiba microwave-oven plant nashvil tenn. satisfi capacitor bought aerovox corp. rte corp. subsidiari base new bedford mass He persuad oven maker japan test aerovox capacitor last year negoti small contract send 5,000 10,000 If work well say toshiba place regular order aerovox could end ship capacitor toshiba microwav plant england well At aerovox major u.s. maker microwave-oven capacitor john A. churma vice presid sale manufactur say surpris mr. tanaka approach export japan We 'd romanc toshiba { nashvil } six year big sale start 1986 say I thought japanes market would tougher crack entrench manufactur capabl mr. tanaka cite success late last year yen rose toshiba took unusu step replac japanes supplier hard disk drive comput memorex corp. milpita calif. kaitex media inc. san jose calif. embolden mr. tanaka recent persuad top japanes engin evalu analog-digit convert made analog corp. peabodi mass. even though toshiba make similar part As mr. tanaka see howev american vendor n't compet effect japanes they n't treat toshiba eager defer expect In u.s. say custom king In japan custom god say most u.s. compani get busi toshiba decid buy american outsel japanes supplier mr. tanaka also suspect mani u.s. compani realli n't want export He note write technic brochur japanes mani n't master high-tech export-licens requir vernon alden director sever u.s. corpor comment I n't think 's fair blame japanes expect better servic give the problem gotten sloppi mr. tanaka complain u.s. compani take six week provid price quot even standard product one concern refus promis deliveri date toshiba place order troublesom stand toshiba 's japanes plant keep inventori lean last winter gener electr co. transform plant hickori n.c. said could n't ship small order toshiba demand mr. tanaka ask visit GE factori learn reason He say GE 's repli If toshiba left alon half order would ship week toshiba offici visit would n't ship thi 180 degre opposit japan say they n't want hear complaint A GE spokesman say compani quot deliveri time custom He add We got peopl work overtim thanksgiv ship part toshiba 's order earli but mr. tanaka ask visit We said 'pleas n't It might caus problem addit peopl mr. tanaka say supplier wo n't name promis circuit breaker special calibr fill 20,000 order standard model toshiba complain the supplier said would take six week recalibr instead offer tell toshiba engin job desper part toshiba agre but engin ask clarif instruct mr. tanaka say the u.s. engin complain wast time they said n't import enough custom To u.s. compani toshiba seem picki imperi analog proud 100 electron instrument work first shipment toshiba seven year ago but toshiba complain minor part came loos We thought 'd perform miracl but sat told inferior product recal bernard gordon analog 's presid today compani engin meet quarterli tokyo peabodi their expect perfect rub u mr. gordon say toshiba 's order analog run 5 million year when toshiba order three-ton industri burner tini pyron inc. cleveland last year mr. tanaka negoti visit right 16-week build process moreov say nichola lagamba pyron engin they demand manufactur schedul u show graphic 'd stage product that techniqu new pyron mr. tanaka taught compani nonetheless mr. tanaka complain mani u.s. supplier wo n't invest effort fulfil toshiba 's expect mr. tanaka particularli frustrat reluct bid project wo n't bring revenu sever year for exampl offic charg find u.s. vendor fuel-cel power-pl project get bidder grind they cooper take instant busi n't cooper futur busi say He add small japanes compani would eagerli engin work bid toshiba project american compani must cajol one reason american vendor cautiou limit market power fuel cell effici turn chemic energi electr lee ridenour toshiba buyer seek bidder fuel-cel project say one thing scarc u.s. quotat time engin time toshiba engin japan draw bid request climat could ask supplier work without pay add she say one u.s. engin term 20-page request requir 100 page specif draw toshiba tortur test and u.s. bidder say amaz studi toshiba put bid harri G. abel power-industri specialist foxboro co. control maker foxboro mass. say team six engin went foxboro twice also met san francisco american engin tend spread 10 12 project mr. abel say japanes dedic after work foxboro lost contract anoth u.s. compani say howev hope get toshiba busi futur 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
