<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0063 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
carl hahn chairman volkswagen AG defend west german auto maker 's integr face multimillion-dollar foreign-exchang scandal occur despit said strict intern guidelin prosecutor investig alleg fraud uncov foreign-curr contract use protect compani currenc shift came due end 1986 VW said manipul contract cost much 259 million the disclosur led resign VW 's chief financi offic remov foreign-exchang manag despit foreign-exchang loss compani 's stock price stabil initi declin } defend VW mr. hahn said rejoin compani 1982 I ask intern auditor draw certain set rule stop-loss order open overnight posit order avoid type specul In stop-loss order busi give bank order sell currenc reach certain level and compani open overnight posit expos potenti foreign-exchang loss commit buy currenc n't balanc commit sell currenc I like sail I 'm sensit wind said 60-year-old mr. hahn We realiz necessarili storm realiz also end volkswagen mr. hahn said sheer volum transact VW would make hard catch irregular auditor work week without discov forgeri what look public like act late actual situat thought act fast execut said It took u time becom suspici but express optim investig would produc result the author access type inform destroy said data bank VW said eras make probe difficult thi money never carri compani cash must transform one point cash said So frankfurt possibl line bank account shed light At VW today made 50 million car mr. hahn said presid success compani whose credibl marketplac bolster 1986 result the figur releas april show good base good perform despit earn slowdown said volkswagen 's press project includ set dealer infrastructur sell model made recent acquir spanish car maker sociedad espanola de automovil de turismo seat boost output brazil oper face mount econom difficulti countri restor imag upscal audi u.s. follow recal 5000 seri acceler problem mr. hahn optimist seat volkswagen acquir spanish govern 1986 the figur { 1986 } nice would like dramat improv 1985 said He predict break-even level reach 1987 's second half most import mr. hahn said secur much-want nich lower end european market seat He said concern VW 's brazilian busi despit tradit posit strength oper difficult water brazil 's monetari fiscal squeez said To combat effect weaken dollar mr. hahn said volkswagen shift export volum brazil manufactur sector use mexico suppli base european manufactur the compani also streamlin u.s. oper closur charleston s.c. plant transfer u.s.-bas sheet-met oper mexico 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
