<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0034 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
presid reagan 's nomin secur exchang commiss chairman john shad becom ambassador netherland n't like lead letup enforc revers deregulatori initi No matter succe mr. shad agenc wo n't go turbul transit administr secur industri offici said you still four commission particip polici make john shad said former commission a.a. sommer jr. washington secur lawyer they 're pretti strong-head bunch over weekend sever new name emerg possibl contend succeed mr. shad white hous expedit search candid suffici statur take agenc amid wall street 's widen insider-trad scandal torrid debat curb corpor takeov the list includ john phelan chairman new york stock exchang john whitehead deputi secretari state former invest banker goldman sach co. new jersey rep. matthew rinaldo rank republican member hous commerc committe 's financ panel accord administr sourc white hous chief staff howard baker met friday robert tuttl personnel director discu sever presidenti appoint includ sec post there narrow list yet senior white hous offici said sec job mr. shad 's appoint ambassador netherland rumor eight month other previous mention candid top sec job said remain run kevin T. duffi feder judg manhattan roger birk former chairman merril lynch co. arthur leavitt jr. american stock exchang chairman two sec commission edward fleischman charl cox presid reagan want mr. shad stay chairman accord administr sourc but mr. shad alreadi serv longer 21 predecessor declin say would prefer ambassadorship anoth post the time mr. shad 's departur like depend rapidli senat bank committe move confirm successor If send right kind candid solid credenti baggag I think congress act expediti one senat staff member said In statement yesterday william proxmir senat bank committe chairman spell kind candid mind express hope white hous look someplac wall street successor At particular time wisconsin democrat said I think need someon perceiv absolut conflict interest administr sec someon tough crime one candid said credenti judg duffi serv sec 's new york region administr 1969 1972 with wall street cloud controversi candid secur industri will subject microscop analysi confirm hear industri sourc said moreov candid may balk job tenur probabl would end 1988 democrat elect presid As result white hous may yet turn mr. cox economist second sec senior mr. fleischman former wall street secur lawyer administr sourc said such move would hardli unpreced 12 commission elev commiss 's 53-year histori the 63-year-old mr. shad serv beyond end five-year term last june could overse blitz insid trade shepherd sever project includ computer sec 's corporate-disclosur file system mr. shad former vice chairman e.f. hutton group inc. made earli mark ardent deregul sinc 1981 sec streamlin regul elimin duplic file corpor report facilit rais corpor capit the agenc also reach import agreement switzerland britain canada japan cooper intern case secur fraud even friend chide mr. shad polit ineptitud deal congress howev and mani democrat fault chairman take essenti neutral stanc tender-off regul let marketplac court correct perceiv abus but mr. shad 's overal perform drew prais On balanc shad turn fine chairman said harvey pitt former sec gener counsel john shad extraordinarili respons regul said commission joseph grundfest He know act noth ellen hume contribut articl 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
