<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0089 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the hous way mean committe continu work trade legisl approv provis enhanc benefit worker displac import provid new sanction u.s. firm dump subsid import but panel put next week consider controversi propos would requir retali certain unfair trade practic foreign countri limit presidenti discret resolv trade disput and rep. richard gephardt D. Mo said consid wait legisl move hous floor fight highli charg amend forc trade retali countri huge trade surplu u. the committe work day yesterday behind close door bill offer chairman rep. dan rostenkowski D. ill. rep. rostenkowski 's propos approv way mean subcommitte last week view le protectionist legisl introduc earlier year one provis approv committe yesterday would increas retrain benefit worker whose job lost import It also would set voucher system payment benefit the committe toughen provis deal foreign compani repeatedli dump good sell unfairli low price u. It provid expedit action dump complaint foreign compani took step make easier u.s. compani bring civil suit foreign manufactur the panel vote drop propos establish crimin penalti dump violat howev the panel also vote give commerc depart new power prevent firm circumv anti-dump order ship product part third countri the committe vote transfer author determin whether industri entitl protect import u.s. trade repres presid some lawmak believ trade repres would inclin presid rule industri hurt import such injuri find trigger imposit tariff quota import under panel 's bill import-batt industri would requir devis plan return competit could receiv import relief but even die industri could qualifi the reagan administr argu industri requir demonstr surviv receiv protect rep. gephardt presidenti candid told report yesterday determin push amend design forc countri japan reduc larg trade surplu u.s. rep. rostenkowski 's propos bill significantli water propos It simpli would requir administr negoti countri rather forc presid retali immedi My concern approach n't give standard account rep. gephardt said I still think I pa amend hous floor meanwhil hous bank subcommitte approv legisl forbid foreign firm becom primari dealer u.s. govern secur unless govern give u.s. compani right countri 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
