<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0050 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
A top offici exxon corp. said compani consid eventu signific rise price oil inevit In speech deliv australian petroleum explor associ donald K. mcivor exxon senior vice presid said world consum twice much petroleum found almost world 's excess oil-produc capac estim 20 lie middl east unless huge new discoveri made unlik event view 're go becom increasingli depend larg remain reserv middl east countri said mr. mcivor 's comment first definit declar world 's largest oil compani expect signific recoveri oil price respons exxon 's world-wid explor develop activ mr. mcivor deliv speech queensland australia monday morn yesterday 7:30 p.m. est unabl schedul chang hi comment deliv instead stuart R. mcgill chairman esso australia ltd. unit new york-bas exxon As previous report lawrenc G. rawl exxon 's chairman lee R. raymond presid said exxon 's intern plan base price oil stay rel flat real term year rise faster rate inflat though mr. mcivor n't specif time stress speech seem inevit price oil must rise significantli long mr. mcivor note world use oil rate 20 billion 25 billion barrel year sinc 1970 discoveri accumul 10 billion 15 billion barrel year thi mean signific degre 're use inventori found prior 1970 increas rate said although 30,000 oil field discov world date mr. mcivor said 35 oil ever found 37 field 11 super giant middl east moreov said five super-gi field found past 20 year two prudho bay u.s. cantarel mexico outsid middl east As suppli demand come closer togeth must point world 's spare capac go countri said mr. mcivor stress n't dismiss continu oil explor fruitless He cite definit potenti econom explor develop oil outsid middl east valuabl discoveri continu made year score countri around world said nonetheless said major consum countri includ substanti product ultim come depend heavili middl east oil exxon sanguin outlook world-wid natur ga suppli natur ga opportun becom increasingli import part world 's energi suppli mr. mcivor said and oil price rise ad nonconvent sourc shale oil convers natur ga coal synthet oil becom import 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
