<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0153 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
most top execut littl weekend place escap pressur offic raul gardini 's retreat dozen-room palazzo built 1487 venic 's grand canal gondola 's ride st. mark 's squar nouveau the silver-hair lightli tan mr. gardini chairman itali 's ferruzzi group entertain visitor ca'dario room glow riot 17th-centuri 18th-centuri furnitur 19th-centuri copi 15th-centuri ceram stove murano glass chandeli pour 10-year-old brandi crystal decant mr. gardini share thought work style I work long I need sake work say ferruzzi interest sugar chemic agricultur busi itali 's third largest privat compani increas power european industri It enterpris 8 billion year sale 15,000 employe It also one 52-year-old mr. gardini manag escap venic 80 mile offic princip home ravennan earli everi weekend there 's telephon wood-panel elev serf ca'dario 's wood-panel dine room mr. gardini give distinct impress call better import I trust manag say I leav job manag peopl count result execut everywher valu result but european execut mr. gardini american counterpart also valu style enabl imbu enterpris person revel cultur histori take weekend four five week vacat year still get job done the american execut probabl harder work italian french one say egon zehnder intern manag consult base zurich It 's rare see top american execut take two week vacat straight but ca n't reach anybodi august franc itali To mr. zehnder main differ american italian execut lie imagin intuit the american well-structur individu know rule limit job descript act accordingli mr. zehnder say the italian probabl n't job descript n't pay attent although individu execut often defi nation stereotyp experi show certain realiti underli the stereotyp class german execut strict follow rule formal correct point cool employe client swiss execut also adher rule smile occasion the french honor rule smile make sure wine properli serv lunch but italian ah In itali say mr. zehnder the emot part show the bo blow top relationship n't suffer In term relax inform atmospher offic 's probabl closest u.s. except nobodi itali us first name these day itali stereotyp bend littl mr. gardini pride part vanguard new breed profession manag part establish old famili still run much italian industri born ravenna farm famili mr. gardini studi agricultur scienc school join ferruzzi 1955 two year later marri daughter firm 's founder serafino ferruzzi At time agricultur firm 's affair cloak tradit secreci retic it recent purchas 25 interest montedison publicli trade chemic giant chang ferruzzi muscl way industri establish mysteri surround firm begun dissolv the compani final creat public relat depart exampl sever affili publicli trade must disclos financ mr. gardini thrust public view often refer itali 's third industri titan join fiat 's gianni agnelli olivetti 's carlo De benedetti while wealth still may exceed mr. gardini certainli becom one tini fraction italian whose incom would make multimillionair anywher the senior titan messrs. agnelli De benedetti spend lot off-hour seminar colloquium expound manag philosophi world view mr. gardini shun affair prefer curl good book ca'dario hi read center agricultur sport also tackl faulkner do passo hemingway translat He fervent duck hunter unlik top execut itali mr. gardini n't speak english though fluent french He also manag avoid pigeonhol nicknam medium mr. agnelli lawyer mr. De benedetti engin mr. gardini call farmer pharaoh latter reason vagu financi abil neither epithet stuck mr. gardini smile broadli I 'm delight I ca n't categor say I 'm differ He differ approach run show mr. agnelli fiat 's patriarch leaf doubt charg aspect busi A show control le import mr. gardini while seem total self-assur also retic He charm charismat peopl alway say I 'm new bo compani compani acquir mr. gardini say tap eighth winston even crystal ashtray right eyelid droop almost shut I 'm bo the manag boss they report sure day-to-day concern mine the execut say gener keep deal confin core group 10 execut ravenna headquart locat serafino ferruzzi 's old home He prefer visit execut offic summon visit ferruzzi facil special offic set asid just give chair I get done I need say mr. gardini dealt american execut He seem differ longer-term think envis distant past well distant futur He shudder imag u.s. execut chrome-top desk steel glass skyscrap comput screen flash three-month project He say It 's short-term u. noth connect dure weekend ca'dario weekday morn work aris 6 a.m. stroll offic 8 mr. gardini enjoy luxuri simpli think europ 's busi futur lie pan-european compani mr. gardini belief tri make ferruzzi one It alreadi own beghin-say french sugar maker ferruzzi recent block bid control S amp W berisford ltd. parent british sugar corp. would made italian compani world 's biggest sugar produc 25 european market pan-european compani mr. gardini belief big enough competitor play leagu american japanes industri giant He also think take ferruzzi public sooner later say must becom publicli held As mr. gardini talk weekend draw close He hop ca'dario 's motor launch 30-minut ride venic 's airport ferruzzi 's nine-seat jet take pari busi meet We 've got think wider broader italian say flight that go cultur philosoph interest busi for instanc mr. gardini say worri increasingli pollut europ need find new solut rather past export wast river smokestack drift across border ferruzzi invest heavili ethanol plant includ one open louisiana turn surplu grain sugar gasolin addit replac lead If ethanol catch would profit well ecolog sound beyond ethanol mr. gardini also expound thought passion need solv north-south tension continu improv agricultur product He worri south america call real disast agricultur trade tension u.s. europ call real war these problem must solv head tap fist He talk new agricultur variat green revolut involv differ crop differ need ferruzzi part single-handedli launch soybean product itali tri start cotton-grow industri these say sort thing mean someth mr. revzin the wall street journal 's pari bureau chief 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
