<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0021 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
frank E. baxter come tini california town bear famili 's name now face challeng run big-tim brokerag firm carri name mark anoth man last week 50-year-old presid jefferi group inc. given post chief execut offic stun resign firm 's founder chairman chief execut boyd jefferi In latest chapter insider-trad scandal mr. jefferi 56 agre plead guilti two feloni count violat secur law No one els firm implic the new chief execut respect sharp contrast charismat driven mr. jefferi accord one wall street sourc would chase stock trade night mr. baxter say n't plan trade chief execut He say partli ensur everi trader one higher offici review work check miss case mr. jefferi plu say n't aspir kind promin mr. jefferi secur busi I collegi person I need share author say mr. baxter trim six-foot join jefferi 1974 I 've never thought frank aggress person He nice guy enjoy say donald weedon chief execut offic weedon amp co. new york brokerag firm mr. baxter went secur busi thank partli militari He say grow northern california dream becom lawyer As kid I sat around law offic read law book say hi famili move young baxter mr. baxter 's great grandfath establish stagecoach stop gold rush appar n't grown much sinc but teenag enlist air forc On guard duti one day I saw anoth soldier read the wall street journal ask I could see recal mr. baxter It turn young man remain friend alreadi play stock market got mr. baxter interest He even help get summer job brokerag firm mr. baxter say mr. baxter n't like retail brokerag work I n't like tri sell peopl there littl much promot involv say after graduat 1961 univers california berkeley bachelor 's degre econom mr. baxter soon went work san francisco brokerag firm involv third market list stock trade exchang usual transact institut interest market eventu brought jefferi mr. jefferi view pioneer build third market jefferi account 60 third-market trade thi market grow recent year thank partli wave corpor takeov third market 's abil execut fast discreet trade big block stock particularli use though mr. baxter like offici firm live shadow founder success observ say In 1985 open offic jefferi london It open feb. 10 april black I thought fantast say benjamin L. lubin secur consult outsid director jefferi mr. baxter also deserv much credit hold firm 's cost period rapid growth recent year say perrin long secur industri analyst lipper analyt secur corp. new york though boyd gener great deal busi make profit control cost say mr. long mr. baxter say plan reli heavili 445 employe make jefferi team concept seem pervad firm the firm 's color maroon gold symbol lion adorn coffe mug firm 's banner well warm-up jacket hung back mani trader chair the firm also song begin jefferi group elit team mr. baxter say 's sometim play trade room particularli good deal done mr. baxter say bank team spirit help keep trader leav mr. jefferi describ firm 's spiritu leader gone even n't loyal I think loyal say moral high said after mr. jefferi made announc resign stun silenc tear but mr. baxter add team rose occas I 've never seen moral higher nevertheless taken quick step reassur peopl assert new posit He held meet dalla weekend review term philosophi busi plan He say plan invit 30 employe firm got respons 70 went mani pay airfar As presid mr. baxter say deepli involv form firm 's busi strategi n't see need chang institut brokerag go remain engin drive firm say but firm continu diversifi recent move area trade convert debentur stock foreign compani It still look open offic asia probabl tokyo end year nor believ mr. jefferi 's transgress last damag firm both incid involv trade posit done boyd say mr. jefferi charg manipul price stock help arbitrag ivan boeski hide ownership certain stock jefferi temporarili take ownership but may time jefferi stop hear kind joke one wall street wag offer friday jefferi 's motto whi buy stock rent 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
