<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0064 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
for month air atlanta inc. fli practic empti the next day may determin whether small close held airlin final run fuel It negoti sell much 25 stake klm royal dutch air line 10 million accord sourc close compani but may ground cash shortag thursday klm expect decid whether acquir stake the airlin stay afloat last week sell slot washington nation airport pan american world airway 2 million the transact produc 500,000 cash enabl compani pay enough past-du rent land fee avoid default atlanta 's hartsfield intern airport hub now execut three-year-old carrier scrambl obtain bridg loan may need tide thursday they met last week repres current investor appar unsuccess effort get provid addit capit air atlanta 's biggest investor includ equit life assur societi u.s. csx corp. air atlanta offici said compani may abl get week cash hand offici declin comment klm negoti the propos transact klm would includ agreement feed air atlanta passeng klm intern flight air atlanta current agreement pan american fli carrier 's intern passeng new york 's kennedi intern airport daniel H. kolber air atlanta execut vice presid said compani discuss agreement number carrier but sourc said may major regulatori stumbl block pact klm they said u.s. depart transport n't allow so-cal code-shar intern domest carrier klm may requir propos air atlanta-klm arrang code-shar airlin involv passeng book connect flight though serv one carrier michael R. holli air atlanta chairman said lobbi feder agenc rule chang the compani attract attent sinc first flight 1984 mr. holli 33-year-old black entrepreneur enter highli visibl busi without govern help air atlanta bill airlin creat serv busi attempt carv nich travel want frill roomier seat better meal gate-sid loung free drink telephon newspap consid best-financ black-l ventur ever air atlanta nevertheless undercapit current deregul competit airlin environ unabl produc profit compani appeal repeatedli bailout investor the compani current 50 million debt outstand mostli zero coupon convert note n't requir interest payment accord sourc the compani 's press problem 2 million owe vendor includ atlanta airport current investor balk provid addit fund part 're uncomfort inabl mr. holli keep presid chief oper offic compani accord former execut one initi investor last month harri A. kimbriel 59-year-old former american airlin execut resign presid cite philosoph differ mr. holli attorney without previou airlin experi investor insist someon hire overse day-to-day oper airlin mr. kimbriel sinc agre continu work airlin consult despit airlin 's problem compani offici say believ air atlanta get capit need put foot We good product mr. kolber said the airlin 's load factor percentag seat fill steadili improv 53 said despit littl advertis neg public air atlanta argu compani profit 12 15 plane current seven leas one reason compani negoti potenti investor provid money leas addit aircraft 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
