<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0176 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
abitibi-pric inc. world 's largest newsprint produc said plan boost price standard newsprint sold u.s. 7 610 u.s. metric ton 570 effect juli 1 the move toronto-bas abitibi-pric come time tighten newsprint suppli world-wid prior start labor negoti involv 30,000 union worker 20 eastern canadian paper produc includ abitibi-pric It 's disappoint surpris homer taylor presid scripps-howard suppli co. cincinnati-bas unit scripps-howard newspap said plan price increas most newspap chain n't budget price increas oct. 1 believ produc would first want contract settlement said but robert johnson senior vice presid abitibi-pric sale corp. new york-bas abitibi-pric unit said n't link price increas labor talk We view two separ situat said mr. johnson said price increas driven need improv return invest abitibi-pric unit gulf canada corp. major eastern canadian produc rais newsprint price 6.5 octob first increas sinc 1984 In trade toronto stock exchang yesterday abitibi-pric close 42.25 canadian share 1.25 guy dufresn senior group vice presid montreal-bas consolidated-bathurst inc. anoth big newsprint produc said compani studi situat note suppli tighten demand continu grow A spokesman great lake forest product ltd. thunder bay ontario call abitibi-pric 's plan good news said compani n't plan moment price increas earlier week vancouver-bas macmillan bloedel ltd. announc 7.5 price rise u.s. custom also effect juli 1 with discount taken effect new price rise 552.90 u.s. metric ton 514.43 macmillan bloedel sell primarili consum western u.s. price lower recent year abitibi-pric sell primarili region industri observ say price increas come time tighten newsprint suppli world-wid aggrav situat earthquak earlier month new zealand halt output larg newsprint mill oper fletcher challeng ltd the closur expect result divers canadian newsprint australia southeast asia the canadian paperwork union last week select abitibi-pric target compani contract talk eastern canadian paper produc the union repres 4,700 worker 10 abitibi-pric mill ontario quebec newfoundland the union seek 7.1 wage increas first year 8 second year two-year accord the current averag wage rate 14.10 canadian hour formal talk set begin april 21 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
