<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0146 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
landmark bancshar begin trade thursday new york stock exchang symbol lbc the st. louis-bas bank hold compani previous trade american stock exchang three previous unreport issu began trade recent big board valero natur ga partner l.p. base san antonio texa began trade unit symbol vlp the natur ga pipelin natur ga liquid compani spinoff valero energi corp. san antonio valero energi retain 49 stake partnership coloni municip incom trust boston-bas closed-end mangement invest compani began trade symbol cmu petrolan partner l.p. began trade unit symbol lpg the lo angeles-bas compani form conduct liquefi petroleum ga busi petrolan inc. unit texa eastern corp. houston texa eastern retain 45 stake partnership On american stock exchang landmark technolog corp. base marietta ga. began trade symbol lco the real estat servic compani formerli trade counter ten new issu began trade counter recent alli bankshar inc. thomson ga.-bas bank hold compani began trade symbol abga brinkmann instrument inc. base westburi conn. began trade symbol brik the compani market distribut scientif instrument apparatu dispos use qualiti control manufactur process environment monitor corken intern corp. base oklahoma citi began trade symbol cork the compani design manufactur market pump valv compressor use handl flammabl hazard liquid ga the compani 100 -own unit hinderlit industri inc. tulsa okla. retain 80.6 stake famili group broadcast l.p. began trade unit symbol fgbpz the tampa fla.-bas compani plan acquir oper televis radio station first feder save amp loan associ OF salt lake citi began trade symbol ffut m.m.r hold corp. base baton roug la. began trade symbol mmrh the compani provid electr mechan specialti contract servic government industri commerci client magma copper co. began trade class B common stock when-issu basi symbol mgcpv the san manuel ariz.-bas copper compani spinoff newmont mine corp. new york distribut 80 interest new compani meridian insur group inc. indianapolis-bas insur hold compani began trade symbol migi rhone-poulenc s.a. base pari began trade american depositari receipt symbol rhpoy each adr physic deposit abroad own u.s. repres one half prefer non-vot share the multi-n compani engag develop product market chemic pharmaceut synthet fiber film r.p scherer corp. base troy mich. began trade prefer stock symbol schcp the 1.4375 seri A prefer stock convert rate 1.0593 common share prefer share the compani produc soft gelatin capsul pharmaceut nutrit supplement industri develop drug formul deliveri system 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
