<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0067 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
june M. rodger made small fortun fast-food franchis loan new husband allen C. smith 125,000 busi He led believ worth 1 million she learn truth six month later vending-machin compani stop oper put bankruptci she got divorc noth bankruptci settlement So took bad-debt deduct tax return but n't end problem the deduct challeng intern revenu servic claim ms. rodger actual made gift mr. smith ms. rodger took matter tax court eventu other claim deduct n't alway succeed the ir frequent challeng peopl write loan friend rel busi I found one major audit trigger person tax return say berni D. goldstein senior manag partner goldstein amp schmerl nashvil tenn. account firm If ir challeng deduct taxpay must prove bona fide debt exist becam uncollect write-off taken year debt becam worthless be soft-heart turn bona fide debt nondeduct gift decid su rel even though may abl pay debt mean becom unentitl bad-debt deduct say alfr B. greenberg partner phillip gold amp co. new york account firm what realli done made gift say To take deduct need abl show made honest effort collect debt say nanci anderson senior tax-research train specialist H amp R block inc. kansa citi Mo A letter lawyer say collect effort would fruitless debtor insolv usual proof debt 's worthless So debtor 's file bankruptci petit unless collater involv then lender may await outcom bankruptci proceed establish noth recov debt If partial recoveri made uncollect amount normal deduct the ir requir taxpay take bad-debt deduct attach statement return list amount debt becam due name debtor whether rel plu effort made collect money debt becam worthless ir public 548 avail free ir explain govern 's posit bad-debt write-off A frequent error taxpay make take busi bad-debt deduct non-busi debt An owner lend money firm 's custom retain busi usual consid busi debt busi motiv loan but owner lend money busi gener deem make non-busi loan the ir see loan protect owner 's invest part busi sinc n't loan busi It import distinct A busi bad debt fulli deduct year becom worthless but non-busi bad debt treat short-term capit loss 3,000 deduct year the excess carri forward 3,000 deduct year amount exhaust A taxpay make good guarantor someon els 's debt n't necessarili entitl bad-debt deduct If guarante done favor famili friend ir consid non-deduct gift but owner make good loan guarante busi normal would entitl non-busi bad-debt deduct mr. goldstein contend co-sign note take non-busi bad-debt deduct make good note order maintain credit stand the ir might argu n't pay note say but I would argu name note could n't afford reput impugn bank attach tax return letter bank demand payment help sustain deduct say 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
