<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0147 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
you know phil time man 's career I mean 's alway import consid option I think 's import career you know phil lot reason I guess I 'm say well matter fact I 'm oper order high I think acceler process keep option open decis made know I mean listen phil want continu let 's go drink but I 'll tell 've loyal u 15 year 's real loyalti I know tough but strang may seem phil rememb first day rest life realli 's I say except end 's like ending-end know you 'll get check least look friday On monday I 'll see personnel find long 'll get 'em By phil may caught drift He 's fire well-intent superior mock fire stage steven G. harrison new york outplac consult It 's sloppi fire begin firer easili manag but suprem test execut skill fire grace It happen dread test execut skill It 's shun although manag go ladder occasion requir fire ascend top deleg job andrew sherwood new york manag consult say 5 chief execut fire these peopl compuls builder say they like acquir compani make profit go recruit peopl fire n't 're emot gear they find repugn peter lewi chairman chief execut offic progress insur co. cleveland say fire presid 13 year 1983 tougher divorc wife fire four-lett word implic n't lost execut We ought get word lexicon say A. robert abboud former chairman first chicago corp. It 's cruditi the word crept common usag 100 year ago pun discharg By discharg becom euphem along newer one like termin dismiss let go sooner later doubt unwant employe simpli outplac humor said succeed expos frighten indel realiti human condit form hyperbol slapstick cartoonist chic young son successor dean young made fire scene comic strip blondi part american folklor fire way life dither amp co. juliu C. dither founder construct concern axe dagwood bumstead hundr time year mr. dither 's style creep dagwood often either tardi asleep work yell ear then follow swift kick pant liter toss dagwood offic It hardli need say one american busi fire quit like mr. dither but say dean young A lot peopl tell 's quintessenti bo the reason simpl If fire mr. abboud say cruditi fire hostil act mr. dither show hostil fire threaten employe famili loss livelihood It illumin grim fact employe view econom factor product one never joy fire grace style take account minim consequ lie within power employ manag simpl kind may move employ master art fire but motif the way employe fire affect motiv moral remain employe well potenti employe It may damag compani 's reput custom deal fire employe It may result expens litig It may also affect compani 's reput among sharehold other mr. abboud say tact fire requir sens artistri mayb littl guil At first chicago say I sometim guilti gild lili come right heart matter yet direct earn reput abras He forc resign first chicago 's chairman board meet 1980 To avoid brutal execut like phil 's superior becom obliqu fire I wrote note fire one headquart worker whose job elimin new comput but n't catch slightest say C. robertson trowbridg presid yanke publish inc. dublin n.h. two week later still mr. trowbridg violat one rule fire write rather person but observ two rule make fire easier for one n't hire friend rel friend He fire wife man play band weekend you n't want alien clarinet player say second n't fire friday I n't want wonder weekend 's take home say It 's better monday give whole week chase pal pick new lead other say tuesday better If fire schedul monday bo still like spend weekend fret prospect bo 's moral import half hour lunchtim probabl propiti time say mr. harrison presid lee hecht harrison inc. new york that 's employe probabl want leav offic afterward mr. harrison 's firm prepar brochur call termin guidelin how avoid pitfal It stress plan befor fire exampl employ write letter explain employe 's separ benefit shock fire like obliter garbl explan get fire the employ give employe letter immedi fire for execut hardest thing say mr. harrison suggest phil 's bo said someth like phil reach decis although happiest effect longer employ some reason alreadi know but import thing come next We 'll give help get employ just n't work n't mean wo n't work elsewher I 'm give paper explain benefit includ salari continu outplac counsel you four month salari includ vacat time medic benefit continu 're salari some execut would rather begin recit employe 's virtu recal contribut compani but one execut tri say fire interrupt ask rais you must first tell person outright talk n't discu whether 's leav circumst departur say charl C. jett chicago execut recruit abov mr. harrison say person fire avoid buckpass I 'm oper order high platitud thi first day rest life still say daniel T. carrol former presid chief execut offic hoover univers inc. ann arbor mich. 's never easi you teach happen fire episod say but one differ advic may mislead mr. carrol fire hoover subsidiari johnson control inc. milwauke 1982 It brief say the director n't want go direct I want they ask resign today bo independ consult ann arbor there 's one fire say mr. johnson staff report the wall street journal 's chicago bureau 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
