<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0083 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
boyd L. jefferi help chang rule secur game but break damag reput probabl innov aggress stock-trad firm outsid wall street the question deep last damag jefferi group inc. 445-employe brokerag hold compani mr. jefferi chairman chief execut offic stun earli morn announc plan plead guilti two feloni count violat feder secur law resign after mr. jefferi 's person announc employe nation telephon hookup follow normal 4:50 a.m. pst plan meet brokerag firm lock elev lo angel headquart time within hour compani 's new chief execut frank baxter take call forc argu jefferi would surviv prosper they call jefferi group reason said mr. baxter 13-year veteran compani We 190 profession person client relationship the chairman 's post remain vacant despit yesterday 's travail ad good day businesswis our client realli came u jefferi far biggest trader so-cal third market list stock trade without go exchang such trade grown rapidli bull market big sharehold look fast discreet way profit increasingli volatil world secur market jefferi compani mr. jefferi found 25 year ago 1986 account 3 composit volum secur list new york stock exchang last januari compani trade 2 big board composit trade volum 164 million share client rang pension fund individu sharehold major wall street arbitrag jefferi make 60 entir third market mr. baxter 50 year old presid chief oper offic jefferi said januari percentag lower last year exchang extraordinarili heavi volum month mr. jefferi 56 publicli deni engag insid trade subpoena last year govern 's broad investig secur busi part clubbi network major player stock market howev succumb temptat swap illeg favor client includ arbitrag ivan boeski boyd alway want accommod client said mr. baxter mr. jefferi declin interview In statement said someth went wrong valu system vital learn mistak other mr. jefferi spirit trader seem home compani 's trade desk execut offic hi workday start earli 3 a.m. often end late though mr. baxter said trade attribut mr. jefferi account le 5 compani 's volum recent year mr. jefferi larg follow among takeov investor reli assembl larg block stock corpor battl raider like trade mr. jefferi move unusu quickli secretli big network contact among arbitrag specul takeov stock you felt like jefferi 's trade go le layer peopl said harold simmon dalla financi often trade mr. jefferi He could move without disturb lot peopl fewer peopl know thing better like mani peopl mr. simmon describ mr. jefferi driven intens worker He alway desk you could alway reach work long hour mr. simmon said He recal mr. jefferi track middl tenni game tri negoti sale larg block NL industri inc. stock last summer mr. simmon seek control NL mrs. simmon stave mr. jefferi husband finish game some peopl think mr. jefferi 's suspens blow firm perrin long secur industri analyst lipper analyt secur corp. new york estim one-third firm 's busi directli attribut mr. jefferi 's contact wealthi investor institut mr. long longtim acquaint mr. jefferi describ trader except intens some peopl compuls drinker compuls woman-chas boyd compuls trader said whenev I sat offic glass window could look trade room could sens 'd like convers end quickli possibl could get back onto trade desk In 1960 mani dealer third market trade often made lower commiss exchang member charg when commiss later deregul mani firm drop busi they survivor one lo angel broker said yesterday jefferi firm mr. jefferi actual sold compani 1969 investor diversifi servic inc. unit american express co. 44.2 million but bought back four year later le half price accord associ took compani public 1983 over past decad two import trend expand jefferi 's busi grow internation market rise takeov busi suddenli firm could make difficult block trade effici unusu hour enviabl posit mr. jefferi gain world-wid institut follow said gordon macklin presid nation associ secur dealer regul over-the-count industri jefferi part mr. jefferi becam celebr virtuoso trade feat In decemb 1982 sudden halt big board trade warner commun inc. jefferi amp co. jefferi group 's brokerag unit made almost exclus market warner share day work round clock trader australia hong kong kuwait switzerland place firm trade 3.5 million share two day the messag n't lost big board soon open vigor public-rel campaign off-board trade jefferi particular more recent specul jefferi might sold american can co. began acquir jefferi stock 1985 current equival 20 stake firm yesterday american can spokesman describ compani 's hold passiv invest mr. jefferi control 13 compani interest place vote trust least next five year mr. jefferi bar secur busi consent agreement secur exchang commiss I 'd incred surpris n't back busi someday said minneapoli investor irwin jacob friend busi associ mr. jefferi from heard violat seem technic crimin mr. jacob said half joke ad you I get park violat get 3 ticket until last year mr. jefferi live huge oceansid hous later sold report 8.3 million circular bed rotat 360 degre take advantag view He given heavili art two galleri name laguna beach calif. museum A spokesman said mr. jefferi current life palm spring area 100 mile lo angel the execut commut work almost everi day leav home 1:30 a.m. chauffeur-driven limousin accord spokesman after attend colleg univers california lo angel mr. jefferi went work cattl manag family-own ranch arizona He got start secur busi small brokerag firm 1956 secreci major attract third-market firm jefferi routin identifi client number letter code protect ident there legitim confidenti function you never rais curtain client A client B said wade ambros vice chairman westlak villag calif.-bas jone amp associ inc. third-largest trader third market refer competitor 's problem mr. ambros said If anyth busi improv despit public jefferi 's role accumul trade stock takeov battl often period exchang halt trade le 10 compani 's volum come takeover-rel busi accord mr. baxter He said jefferi diversifi area convert bond cash manag corpor client howard mark manag director trust co. west lo angel invest manag said firm recent began use jefferi trade convert debentur thi wo n't affect deal firm I believ isol instanc pervas jefferi ad 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
