<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0158 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
xerox corp. one last die-hard support american corpor presenc south africa final succumb pressur abroad said sell south african unit xerox said 51 -own rank xerox unit whose 49 partner rank organis plc britain-bas leisur hotel compani sell local busi altron group big south african electron firm term n't disclos sale complet may 1 the pullout culmin year agon xerox decemb held final decis execut search new approach might let stay racial troubl land and move unlik eas pressur activist critic xerox 's plan yesterday let unit continu sell photocopi south africa sale It 's perfect exampl decis basic plea one david T. kearn xerox chairman said interview nor pleas mr. kearn one industri 's vocal propon notion stay compani help end apartheid repress south africa hi voic grew loneli late last year two outspoken chairman roger B. smith gener motor corp. intern busi machin corp. 's john F. aker revers cours pull mr. kearn said still feel stay put best south africa 's 23 million black but say leav best xerox It clear thing continu deterior front said the nation 's economi social climat worsen pro-disinvest group critic rise xerox begin lose sale u.s. local govern ban contract compani busi the departur xerox 14th-largest u.s. employ south africa come critic time u.s. firm the pace pullout acceler pressur group prais departur say simpli leav n't enough the reagan administr 's patient approach toward south african govern dismiss even reagan-appoint advisori panel and may 31 deadlin loom u.s. compani follow sullivan principl fair tenet 10 year provid moral ground profit sale south africa the rev leon H. sullivan founder principl said urg u.s. compani leav south africa apartheid n't end may 31 seemingli imposs prospect that might lead wave new withdraw xerox base stamford conn. becam 24th compani announc complet withdraw first three month year that compar 49 corpor 1986 the washington-bas investor respons research center say 182 u.s. compani retain south african unit n't announc shutdown plan total 267 compani le year ago the financi impact xerox puni unit provid le 1 xerox 's 9.78 billion annual sale inde xerox may alarm financi effect stay last fall xerox lost photocopi contract pittsburgh school board would n't buy south africa-link compani the lost sale certainli lot thousand dollar mr. kearn said someth saw increas unless xerox pull but conced still may lose sale citi lo angel even tougher rule exclud compani let product sold south africa even though shed direct invest most u.s. compani retain distribut agreement unit leav behind eastman kodak co. one left end product sale south africa richard knight american committe africa said citi see kodak clean xerox n't but mr. kearn counter block sale would leav worker without job hurt local unit custom xerox suppli world-wid the critic xerox come despit unusu effort made pull It negoti promis buyer unit 's 800-plu employe wo n't lose job It also form foundat run black leader spend 500,000 year social program xerox leaf 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
