<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0084 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the power offic for lean mean '80 chief execut offic still good furnitur appreci art wall bottom line function how time chang In earli '50 elliott white spring built headquart textil compani fort mill s.c. want modern build world offic high-tech wonder with touch button chief execut spring industri inc. could elev portion walnut parquet floor becam confer tabl other button desk open close 120 foot draperi turn televis radio movi projector activ secur system oper light vibrat mr. spring 's chair spring 's current chief execut walter Y. elisha prefer differ offic half size without gadgetri hi reason occupi modest quarter littl fact compani public oppos mr. spring 's era I find le elabor function offic better suit style mr. elisha say mr. elisha 's inclin reflect gener trend recent year away lavish grandios offic chief execut chief execut consid offic rather look they want make clear work execut figurehead say william drake partner architectur firm skidmor owe amp merril chicago there use much ceremoni involv enter ceo 's offic you walk 20 foot grand old man behind huge mahogani desk empti paper that 's thing past top execut n't want blend complet panel still prefer larg corner offic tradit trap privat bathroom but gener n't want seem either intimid overli opul commun employe account sharehold buzzword In takeov time too-lavish offic might signal bloodthirsti raider 's profit opportun trim corpor fat some client want palac but head public compani mostli tell u n't want offic nice peopl walk think 'aha thi money go say karen myer presid interior design develop costa mesa calif the new headquart american express co. new york 's world financi center quit grand chairman jame D. robinson iii 's panel offic boast inlaid marbl tabl antiqu orient rug but decor robert metzger rememb mr. robinson say thi item cost much find someth els inde big offic may one factor spur raider T. boon picken jr. 's move diamond shamrock corp. former chief execut william H. bricker enjoy lavish perk includ sever corpor jet hi offic compani 's dalla headquart said enorm A diamond shamrock spokesman say the offic quit comfort extraordinari appoint architectur featur As mr. picken 's offic mesa limit partnership amarillo texa We practic preach say I good workabl function desk comput there three western paint wall two sale 've appreci valu My offic 20 foot 18 foot I 've offic fifth floor 10-stori build 20 year there plenti leader set no-fril exampl the silicon valley aesthet remain spare gordon moor co-found intel corp. 1968 current chief execut still occupi standard issu metal plastic desk cubicl whose wall higher anyon els 's He special chair spokesman say 's bad back In new york 's financi commun lavish offic standard john gutfruend salomon brother inc. spend much workday semicircular wooden desk trade floor nearbi larg privat offic retreat meet martin S. davi chairman gulf amp western inc. say everyth offic got purpos there enough chair peopl meet enough tabl work most furnitur includ antiqu desk I 've year It 's workspac 's I 'm It 's entertain hall some execut inherit larg impos offic earlier era taken great pain make cosier john J. creedon presid chief execut metropolitan life insur co. move 22-foot 34-foot offic 13-foot high walnut panel four year ago It 's lot I need I build one would n't big mr. creedon say rather greet visitor behind huge desk mr. creedon prefer sit armchair near larg comfort couch seat nearbi one two plush business-suit-clad snoopi doll snoopi appear commerci insur compani when I 'm sit behind desk might intimid peopl mr. creedon say here sit snoopi get comfort mayb peopl relax G. robert truex jr. chairman rainier bancorp seattl describ offic tradit handsom over-larg make uneasi I 'm high-pow guy I n't pretend I mr. truex encourag peopl relax moment arriv door walk across bewar owner doormat insid offic visitor find array music box vast collect wind-up toy bookcas credenza peep leaf pot palm plush gorilla red t-shirt paper crown I 've known say make big decis around say mr. truex hasten add pleas n't get impress I toy I come work clown hat We conduct busi for plush menageri tradit nonetheless remain one byword execut offic furnish decor memento meant convey sens stabil longev donald frey chairman bell amp howel co. chicago move compani modern build 1985 offic sit rolltop desk use compani 's founder albert S. howel hi telephon mr. howel 's 1919 brass candlestick phone electron refurbish In last three year return conserv environ say beverli russel editor interior magazin insid mani ultramodern skyscrap rise 50 floor chairman 's offic look like monticello inde look panel wall orient rug antiqu wood desk becom preval chairman rebel effort stand send messag distinct We new creativ compani also want convey solid guarante billion dollar debt say gerald friedman chairman founder fgic corp. insur municip bond fgic 's offic n't quit like anyth els manhattan 's financi district sleek modern black marbl tabl black lacquer desk decor curtain-lik cascad white silk string floor ceil not surprisingli still execut love perk power offic georg wackenhut wackenhut corp. coral gabl fla. big firm secur guard field n't chief execut barber chair privat bathroom barber come In houston citi impress offic 's hard forget J. hugh liedtk chairman pennzoil co. sit head 16-foot long desk made plank shipwreck behind desk larg display case rock collect includ geod size basketbal In name intimid could better tactic chief execut ask one design firm instal bright adjust light chair across desk the design wo n't divulg client 's name say the ceo could realli make guy sweat ms. cox report art entertain the wall street journal 's new york bureau 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
