<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0191 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
alan gain know 's type wall streeter chief execut offic love hate He 's fast-talk head invest firm life park avenu townhous drive rolls-royc earn 1 million year He also n't hesit tell america 's ceo job two year ago youth mr. gain flew houston tell tenneco inc. 's silver-hair chief execut 56-year-old jame ketelson restructur 15 billion oil conglomer risk takeov I walk offic houston ketelson like mr. wasp Mr proper and I 32-year-old kid make money tell run compani what would reaction neither mr. ketelson tenneco comment mr. gain say advic spurn not surpris He 's use call anti-invest banker anti-new york anti-littl rich kid attitud big-compani execut He turn sometim hold disdain view main street you go visit ceo talk slow deliber 'well sir-r-r 're ve-ri interest long-term valuuuu mimic mr. gain head gain berland co. I want say 'come guy spit talk I want get home next year main street wall street alway mile apart but takeov fever recent year thrown togeth conserv corpor execut new breed young highli paid raider invest banker drive two cultur still apart the result symbiot relationship often mark deep clash everyth make deal wear make spend money We creat monster declar fred zuckerman chrysler corp. 's treasur main street manag belief greed final execut hate takeov folk view use purpos they think even le invest banker It 's genuin revuls societi reward peopl greatli work perceiv unproduct the recent headline-grab spate insid trade scandal widen chasm there definit tension corpor type wall streeter say jonathan rinehart whose new york-bas public relat consult firm special takeover-styl crisi insid trade stuff dump gasolin fire A recent exampl lawsuit staley continent inc. food compani alleg invest bank firm drexel burnham lambert inc. tri pressur staley manag leverag buyout drexel call alleg total without merit said suit ill-conceiv attempt capit current climat creat spate insider-trad arrest these day even invest banker fear wall street 's young frankenstein I find whipper-snapp invest banker 's fresh harvard busi school 's go tell run compani tiresom ceo say robert S piri presid chief execut rothschild inc. these smart-aleck kid gotten bag insider-trad violat ought go jail year say minu toenail along main street 's david culver 51-year-old former ceo amarillo texas-bas pioneer corp. view wall street type I 'm sick 'em say mr. culver develop hostil last year sold crosstown buddi T. boon picken overwhelm phalanx raider invest banker mr. culver complain boardroom joust wall street oppon single-mind appear program first 're damn bit smarter matter think say mr. culver even disturb wall streeter seem concern littl beyond money career our guy much family-ori they look forward go home play child mr. culver say I presid amarillo club unit way rotari continu We consid import when wall streeter final get home 's lucki see famili much le go unit way make call It 's still unclear resent lead but could trigger grassroot backlash type toppl anoth gener financi robber baron politician alreadi scent If 7-eleven wall streeter done american economi 'd 20-to-lif said jame hightow outspoken texa agricultur commission recent speech nation democrat leader much boil simpl differ execut style To typic main street execut wall streeter fresh-fac mba tailor suit mallard-dot suspend come place like bartlesvil okla. akron ohio put peopl work mouth term like break-up valu front-end load two-tier tender offer In turn mani wall streeter seem view main street counterpart slow-mov boorish hick the so-cal sophist tend surpris find smart guy hinterland say gari hirsch 37-year-old princip new york invest firm miller tabak amp hirsch they 'll walk meet say 'gee even though guy pennsylvania know 's still wall streeter ventur main street sometim feel like 're foreign countri dure unsuccess visit tenneco 's chief execut mr. gain found lunch place anim head wall It like eat baptist club houston I expect say grace sit I mean new york I take peopl Le cirqu say refer fame french restaur the differ lunch style though often pale differ lifestyl case point last novemb 's visit robert E. mercer goodyear tire amp rubber co. 's 62-year-old chief execut manhattan townhous sir jame goldsmith anglo-french investor tri grab akron-bas tiremak accord goodyear associ mr. mercer taken aback knock thought correct address told smartli dress butler sir jame live sever door knock butler open door explain mr. mercer thi mr. goldsmith 's home that kitchen onc insid father five found face two statu nude femal myriad paint nude mr. mercer associ say n't yet tire relat amaz but boardroom matter style matter nowher appar phillip petroleum co. 1984 wall street specialist arriv help bartlesvil oil compani fend who 's who corpor raider phillip ceo william douc offici occasion would roll eye lecture-lik present invest banker say mr. douc retir I n't mind young peopl make lot money short time but 'em speak god some 'em think may god I 'll tell secret most fellow come listen peopl then take idea dress 'em littl read 'em back down phillip public relat depart employe equal put new york firm hire senior execut hire manag compani 's medium campaign although phillip spokesman deni person close compani say two side fought practic everi word everi press releas time brink fistfight there percept new yorker thought come help great unwash say phillip offici just n't eat tavern green n't make u le sophist when cultur clash adversari surfac enough bring heat takeov battl boil that appar case pennzoil co. 's unsuccess bid acquir getti oil co. pennzoil 's tough-talk chief execut J. hugh liedtk host jay higgin 38-year-old salomon brother invest banker repres getti museum major getti oil sharehold mr. liedtk ask sever anxiou question museum 's posit pend merger mr. higgin kept silent pennzoil lawyer arthur liman recal recent court testimoni suddenli mr. higgin answer ye sir No sir ye sir No sir mr. liman see bo near explos quickli escort invest banker room mr. higgin number mr. liedtk mock I want get mr. liman testifi mr. higgin current head corpor financ salomon deni mock mr. liedtk He say n't entir respons execut time n't want divulg pennzoil getti museum 's posit getti oil bought texaco deal could undon so-far success lawsuit pennzoil but sometim wall streeter know come across the offens one relish other suggest stereotyp use craftili turn one 's advantag confront potenti hostil midwestern crowd daniel scotto utility-bond analyst l.f. rothschild unterberg towbin may opt wall street equival full-bodi armor outsid new york say If I think I need extra edg find full garb brook brother suit suspend yellow tie other place friend say I 'll switch softer approach the light gray suit blue shirt blue tie main streeter canni A common tactic might call countri boy ploy ruse execut west hudson use attempt coax oppon underestim befor pennzoil 's court fight texaco getti purchas mr. liedtk one ploy 's foremost practition portray someth oil-patch rube notabl feat consid diploma amherst colleg harvard busi school what effect approach texaco n't known certainli help gener sympathet medium coverag pennzoil In case 14 billion juri verdict mr. liedtk 's favor make wall streeter wari self-proclaim countri boy everi time someon say 'I 'm countri boy I check money button pocket give wallet secretari say rothschild 's mr. piri there test help discern wall streeter main streeter I look gold rolex say chrysler 's mr. zuckerman wall street popul gold rolex summer hous hampton they never talk long start summer hous hampton mr. burrough staff report the wall street journal 's pittsburgh bureau A matter perspect are chief execut major corpor le ethic busi practic today 10 year ago It depend side desk 're the wall street journal ask ceo question survey execut style januari question ask wall street journal/nbc new nation poll 1,576 peopl jan. 22 23 the answer provid startingli differ view more less not sure/ ethic ethic the No answer ceo 's opinion 71 10 14 5 public poll 23 58 9 10 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
