<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0037 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
jame E. olson chairman american telephon amp telegraph co. told analyst compani 's cash flow first two month 1987 budget pleas cost-cut effort line manag mr. olson would n't comment whether compani 's profit first two month ahead budget sinc becom chairman last septemb mr. olson made improv profit giant telecommun concern top prioriti said want compani 's return-on-equ reach least 20 nearli doubl 1985 last year AT amp T took 3.2 billion write-off account job cut facil consolid inventori write-down result 1986 earn 139 million five cent share revenu 34.1 billion becaus write-off AT amp T 's return equiti 0.3 the job cut move save AT amp T 1 billion year 1.4 billion next year mr. olson said new york-bas compani warn analyst save wo n't necessarili translat earn increas mr. olson also said could n't believ 's go take long two year feder commun commiss remov cap profit AT amp T 's long-dist busi that cap allow compani earn 12.2 9 billion interst long-dist equip one factor depress AT amp T 's earn competitor recent support compani 's effort get regul remov frankli better everyon includ competitor AT amp T de-regul mr. olson said the execut also said compani 's data network strategi n't necessarili encompass specif set product servic rather approach sell product servic custom for exampl said AT amp T develop world-wid comput phone network goodyear tire amp rubber co. identifi phone line similarli AT amp T test american express co. credit card collect system automat dial custom show call answer transfer call screen account inform agent mr. olson also said vittorio cassoni AT amp T senior vice presid charg comput local area network product part data network concept plan make divis data system profit within next two year I think 's good target mr. olson said ad profit data network strategi five-year busi plan mr. olson also acknowledg execut compani 's data network idea need spend time money train sale forc analyz custom 's data process need We n't good could train salesperson data process product said analyst citi lack well-train comput sale forc one reason AT amp T 's troubl busi 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
