<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0127 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
boyd L. jefferi chairman jefferi group inc. lo angeles-bas brokerag firm pioneer off-market trade becam major forc takeov agre plead guilti two feloni count secur law violat and accord peopl familiar govern 's investig mr. jefferi also implic other secur industri 's rapidli widen scandal includ individu believ manipul price offer american express co. fireman 's fund corp. secur last year mr. jefferi also settl without admit guilt relat charg secur exchang commiss engag multipl violat secur law particip market manipul scheme separ scheme takeov specul ivan F. boeski park stock park stock occur investor buy stock anoth n't want identifi owner the sec charg certain case mr. jefferi help mask mr. boeski 's ident other arrang revers the develop dramat confirm govern 's investig move far beyond insid trade peopl familiar investig said mr. jefferi cooper fulli govern describ instanc park stock manipul suggest illeg practic widespread wall street In letter sharehold publicli trade jefferi group mr. jefferi resign yesterday chairman said I fulli accept sole respons transact deep person sorrow regret I leav compani life past 25 year He emphas neither compani engag insid trade n't breach trust confid place u custom As part settlement 56-year-old mr. jefferi bar secur industri least five year place person 13 stake jefferi group vote trust frank baxter 50 presid chief oper offic jefferi becam new chief execut In nation over-the-count trade jefferi 's share close 11 25 cent the sec also censur jefferi amp co. compani 's secur trade unit order unit retain outsid consult review procedur design detect violat secur law No fine impos On wall street penalti gener deem light given scope offens charg suggest mr. jefferi 's cooper import govern the market manipul charg startl offens alleg yesterday sec noth mr. boeski insid trade implic individu firm mr. jefferi charg manipul price stock involv 1986 secondari public stock offer request unnam person allegedli bought huge block stock near close trade boost price therebi affect price public offer next day the sec refus identifi person compani involv but peopl familiar govern 's investig said transact describ eight-million unit offer stock warrant fireman 's fund american express last may american express receiv 332 million offer underwritten syndic led salomon brother inc. shearson lehman brother inc. american express subsidiari accord sec charg jefferi request unnam individu agre drive stock price buy block In return person agre indemnifi jefferi loss incur buy hold stock jefferi subsequ sold share loss reimburs To disguis payment jefferi issu fraudul invoic person alleg invest bank servic later person 's request issu anoth fraudul invoic someon els the peopl familiar case would n't identifi individu involv said person initi arrang tie offici american express the sec note issuer receiv firm commit underwrit offer mean underwrit bore risk declin price stock offer neither american express shearson salomon individu firm charg wrongdo connect jefferi case both sec u.s. attorney 's offic said investig offer continu spokesmen american express salomon brother declin comment the park charg extens came le surpris thi newspap report last novemb mr. jefferi investig later disclos 3 million payment ivan F. boeski corp. jefferi examin sec part suspect park scheme that invoic purportedli invest advisori corpor financi servic identifi yesterday sec import part alleg park scheme mr. boeski mr. jefferi the similar fraudul invoic prepar mr. jefferi connect market manipul scheme entir separ sec alleg As alleg sec boeski jefferi entiti secretli held stock posit belong agre buy back posit reimburs carri cost loss incur hold period two net profit hold sec charg the agenc charg one instanc last march involv 27 million 500,000-share posit g.d. searl amp co. park mr. boeski jefferi price drop 7 share mr. jefferi demand mr. boeski buy back stake repay immedi part loss mr. boeski give mr. jefferi payment 3 million mr. jefferi turn suppli mr. boeski phoni invoic sec charg the sec charg besid searl mr. boeski park jefferi 11.7 million 810,000-share posit cooper laboratori inc. 17.3 million 600,000-share posit southland financi corp. mr. jefferi turn park boeski entiti posit american broadcast cos. ideal basic industri inc. itt corp. phillip petroleum co. pioneer corp. texa oil amp ga corp. total 43 million stock sec alleg As report sec also examin 5.3 million payment last march ivan F. boeski corp. drexel burnham lambert inc. after payment made question mr. boeski 's auditor drexel major secur firm sent mr. boeski invoic consult advisori servic the govern seek determin whether payment actual part park arrang involv mr. boeski drexel similar one messrs. boeski jefferi accord person familiar investig drexel repeatedli character payment invest bank fee deni improprieti mr. jefferi understood provid new detail drexel 's relationship jefferi At news confer yesterday afternoon u.s. attorney rudolph W. giuliani said mr. jefferi plead guilti near futur crimin violat margin requir aid abet falsif record boesky-control brokerag hous He said mr. boeski first implic mr. jefferi As report mr. boeski agre plead guilti one feloni charg role scandal mr. giuliani ad relationship jefferi case massiv insider-trad scandal becom clearer next coupl week the sec said among provis mr. jefferi violat anti-fraud law disclosur requir book record-keep provis net capit requir margin requir As justic depart 's charg reflect will violat mani provis secur law crimin offens while law long book mani wall street taken cavali attitud toward technic aspect secur law peter H. morrison partner new york law firm morrison cohen amp singer mr. jefferi lawyer note mr. jefferi accommod custom He grew busi accommod custom the rule chang william power contribut articl A chronolog stock-trad scandal may 12 1986 sec charg denni levin drexel burnham lambert inc. make 12.6 million sinc mid-1980 insid trade sec also name defend bernhard meier mr. levin 's broker bank leu intern nassau bahama may 13 1986 mr. levin arrest charg obstruct justic attempt destroy record He releas 5 million bond june 5 1986 mr. levin plead guilti four feloni charg agre cooper govern investig settl civil insider-trad charg agre pay 11.6 million juli 1 1986 sec charg robert wilki ira sokolow former invest banker lazard frere amp co. shearson lehman brother inc. exchang confidenti inform mr. levin they settl sec mr. wilki allegedli made 3 million insid trade mr. sokolow agre give 120,000 profit juli 3 1986 david brown invest banker goldman sach amp co. resign amid sec investig juli 14 1986 ilan reich takeov lawyer wachtel lipton rosen amp katz resign amid govern investig sept. 4 1986 mr. sokolow mr. brown plead guilti crimin charg pass stolen inform mr. levin oct. 3 1986 mr. reich indict feder grand juri levin case nov. 14 1986 ivan F. boeski agre pay 100 million penalti trade insid inform suppli mr. levin februari 1985 februari 1986 agre plead guilti unspecifi crimin charg nov. 18-19 1986 drexel identifi investig possibl secur law violat connect boeski probe jan. 28 1987 michael davidoff former head trader mr. boeski plead guilti one count secur fraud violat capit requir mr. boeski 's firm mr. davidoff close contact mani wall street trader agre cooper govern feb. 11-12 1987 three top wall street figur robert M. freeman goldman sach partner timothi L. tabor former offici kidder peabodi amp co. merril lynch co. richard wigton kidder vice presid arrest charg information-swap conspiraci allegedli made kidder million dollar illeg profit mr. freeman also charg trade account inform mar 19 1987 boyd L. jefferi jefferi group inc. chairman agre plead guilti two feloni count secur law violat He settl sec charg engag multipl violat secur law particip market manipul scheme separ scheme boeski park stock 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
