<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0120 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
minnesota financi irwin jacob leaf offic everi day 5:30 p.m. 5:45 p.m. necessari He n't think hang around offic late good idea rare work weekend but chairman minstar inc. invest group control put full day 's work nonetheless He report desk 7 a.m. day alreadi finish morn newspap check europ call car phone chief execut offic hardwork lot may know look you may still bed 're get best work done A lot ceo seem think perform best sun come coffe wagon come around subordin come phone messag memo meet forty-hour week rare top fifti hour norm In wall street journal survey chief execut nation 's largest corpor nearli two-third said work 10 11 hour day monday friday most also report work weekend nearli 60 claim one five hour weekend work how cope ceo make time find they work car train plane they mull strategi shower plot plan pool their hardest task find time mr. jacob get 5:30 a.m. get everyth want done but 's mean earliest bird among peer fred carr chairman first execut corp. awaken around 5 a.m. gordon mcgovern presid chief execut campbel soup co. routin rise 4:30 a.m. I grew bake busi get earli deliv bread say It n't alway easi kenneth monfort chief execut offic monfort colorado inc. beef pack concern start day 7 a.m. get jump cattl futur market import busi I 'm good waker-upp I bare talk I get I practic talk way work say By come earli chief execut avoid time demand bureaucraci all day long 's constant stream peopl come offic tell 's go say mr. mcgovern hour work home report work 7:30 a.m. agre jack reichert chairman presid chief execut brunswick corp. I like littl quiet begin day end maintain saniti one problem too mani peopl catch trick I find I emigr countri breakfast meet say robert B. horton chairman chief execut standard oil co. last april top execut british petroleum london meet unusu In london I would get offic 8 8:15 full hour telephon rang now I get 7:30 I 'm lucki 15 minut travel take big chunk ceo 's time chief execut magazin report reader take averag 24 busi trip year In past seven eight month I 've taken one airplan flight day averag say charl E. cobb jr. chairman chief execut offic arvida disney corp. unit walt disney co. B. charl ame chairman chief execut acme-cleveland corp. averag two day week offic the rest time 's visit facil around world some recent visit includ plant near black forest germani one outsid london It 's import spend time field first-lin peopl say even often work time when I leav offic I often n't go home say jame sylla presid chevron u.s.a. inc. unit chevron corp. On monday one recent week meet tulsa wednesday dinner compani manag develop team back san francisco thursday recept dinner japanes contractor friday attend dinner honor retire tuesday night goof went ball game some chief execut stop short make offic home while tri use apart gener motor corp. headquart chairman roger smith eat breakfast work save time warren L. batt chairman chief execut premark intern inc. northbrook ill.-bas maker consum restaur product arriv earli exercis compani other bring part offic home mr. cobb long-term plan shower paul frison presid chief execut lifecel corp. medic suppli compani houston dictat memo watch bore part basebal game and weekend say n't paper work pool wife child would think I ill. donald frey chairman chief execut bell amp howel co. think work problem make cabinet bed tabl home He scribbl idea nearbi napkin shred newspap later say I take odd-look piec paper note write nice I deliber live close offic I n't wast lot time commut say mr. batt premark intern other turn commut part workday mr. horton standard oil driven work home 40 minut east compani 's cleveland offic drive give hour product time day samuel J. heyman chairman chief execut gaf corp. wayn n.j. commut work helicopt westport n.j. home cut two-hour commut half-hour He pick tab most ceo say like schedul I 'm thrill death I 'm abl work say beverli F. dolan chairman presid chief execut textron inc. put 10 1/2-hour workday work n't work neg be abl work pleasur I truli enjoy I dean morton chief oper offic hewlett-packard co. agre stress caus thing n't done thing 're but other enjoy work feel 's lot I n't feel overwork overburden say david kosowski chairman chief execut damon corp. medic equip concern but sometim I feel like I 'm alway A look ceo workweek from wall street journal survey execut style work hour averag hour per weekday fewer 8 1 8-9 14 10-11 65 12 18 averag hour per weekend none 6 1-5 60 6-10 28 11-15 4 16 1 busi travel day per month fewer four 8 4 6 35 7 10 43 11 13 leisur spent with colleagu percent time none 20 1-10 60 11-25 14 26-50 3 more 50 1 vacat week 1986 one 9 two 23 three 30 four 24 five 11 No vacat 3 here 's practic advic ceo save time warren E. mccain chairman chief execut albertson 's inc. groceri drugstor chain avoid trade associ meet take speed-read cours donald kingsborough chairman chief execut world wonder inc. toymak hire best senior manag possibl fred carr chairman first execut corp. life insur hold compani If bunch meet 4 6 p.m. tend shorter meet A 4 p.m. meet alway end ten minut five promptli henri wendt presid chief execut smithklin beckman corp. pharmaceut compani get damn good secretari Of cours determin chief execut turn almost activ even sleep work ernest M. wulig like stay bed 8 a.m. arriv offic around 10 what 's like turn 10:30 p.m. I 'm mattress busi say chairman chief execut offic ohio mattress co. I 'm go enjoy product 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
