<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0091 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
Is 9.1 billion enough pennzoil co. last month texa appeal court panel affirm 9.1 billion pennzoil 's 11.1 billion judgment texaco inc the court 's modif whop award came reduct punit damag 1 billion 3 billion the rule wide view favor pennzoil compani time express delight gratitud fact court upheld overwhelm part award In recent file appeal court howev pennzoil ask court reinstat full 3 billion punit damag pennzoil said request part formal would preserv right full award texaco appeal judgment texa suprem court but pennzoil also state think right everi penni origin award juri found texaco unlaw interf pennzoil 's merger agreement getti oil co. texaco acquir getti 1984 I 'm habit give away 2 billion said joe jamail pennzoil 's chief counsel 2 billion 2 billion thereaft begin add mr. jamail said even reduct 2 billion damag taken account judgment total 10.3 billion accru interest includ but texaco contend seek 2 billion reinstat pennzoil signal refus compli appeal court rule and result call pennzoil 's condit complianc texaco move entir case retri lower court some state say ca n't cake eat said russel mcmain texaco attorney special appel procedur texaco acknowledg attack highli technic point n't clearli settl texa law but latest skirmish clearli indic intens disput two compani pennzoil scrambl everi cent get texaco pursu everi legal remedi muster We plow everi field said mr. mcmain lawyer directli involv case also said texaco appear take chanc long shot It sound like 'grasp straw approach situat texaco point case said frank W. morgan lawyer formerli associ gener counsel gulf corp. chevron corp. unit It sound highli technic texaco 's latest legal attack base upon languag buri page 161 appel panel 's opinion the court condit denial texaco 's motion new trial upon pennzoil 's agreement voluntarili drop 2 billion punit damag judgment pennzoil point indic would readili compli appel court rule pennzoil later file document call remittitur agre drop 2 billion also made known reserv In document pennzoil said reserv right seek rehear reduct damag subsequ pennzoil file motion rehear punit damag issu contend court erron appli texa law inappropri embrac certain principl new york law also use case pennzoil 's mr. jamail contend texaco 's latest move judgment overturn sign compani 's desper If good case would n't reach deep barrel said mr. jamail It 's ludicr texaco acknowledg latest legal attack ordinari said n't surpris consid high stake involv case sinc 's never judgment size I suspect anyth unusu said mr. mcmain 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
