<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0135 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
despit veto threat presid reagan senat pass 88 billion highway bill postpon action separ measur allow state rais speed limit 65 mile hour rural interst highway the 79-17 senat vote house-sen confer report came day hous approv legisl overwhelm 407-17 both vote indic congress could overrid presidenti veto the hous vote separ 217-206 permit state rais speed limit 65 mph 55 mph rural interst highway the presid veto messag senat major leader robert byrd D. w.va. express grave concern cost legisl particularli 150 special highway construct project mass transit program mr. reagan said five-year life bill mass-transit fund would exceed budget request 9.1 billion while note strongli support allow state rais speed limit said overal measur serious flaw To elimin mr. reagan 's object bill senat minor leader robert dole R. kan. said amend would offer speed-limit provis come floor probabl today the amend said may four-year 65 billion highway bill senat pass earlier year although bill greatli exceed administr 's budget request mass transit n't contain extra fund special highway project the house-sen confer report contain 890 million new feder fund project money would addit state regular share feder highway aid By use speed-limit provis amend highway confer report sen. dole would circumv procedur ban amend confer report appeas administr but action success also could jeopard highway legisl hous fought fierc special highway project would approv chang the bill bill pass congress said sen. daniel patrick moynihan D. n.y. floor manag bill administr insid conced sen. dole 's effort chang highway bill amend speed-limit provis long shot that 's partli senat west sympathet cost concern highway bill n't want jeopard speed-limit measur chang but even sen. dole 's gambit fail offici said exercis could help sustain presidenti veto highway bill later the reason senat would like vote sustain veto clear presid support origin senate-pass highway bill that bill would author 53 billion highway 13 billion mass transit four-year period the house-sen confer report would author 70 billion highway 18 billion transit five year 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
