<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0116 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
life top n't easi but life life top pose problem the big question what retir run fortun 500 compani often n't job way life At time exhilar time numb 's endless seri meet multimillion-dollar decis 60-hour workweek busi breakfast lunch dinner for retir welcom well-earn respit time slow thing never time but other life leisur life boredom inde mani retir top execut return busi within six month accord 1984 studi russel reynold associ inc. execut recruit firm leav behind could blow ego individu n't accept move say david merril counsel execut retir rohrer hibler amp replogl consult firm A glimps four former chief execut offic fortun 500 compani one realli retir one work hard ever one left corpor life abruptli age 55 one champion busi solut social problem show differ retir On recent winter day temperatur hover around freez mark pittsburgh home westinghous electr corp but balmi 75 degre napl fla. area home robert kirbi compani 's 68-year-old retir chairman He got 6 a.m. brows newspap crossword puzzl monitor stock after perus mail golf cours adjac spaciou spanish villa-styl home four-hour round friend In late afternoon return home tape music big band jazz favorit 3,000 tape enjoy quiet dinner hot dog bake bean then mr. kirbi end day plunk front televis take basketbal game america 's cup yacht race other chief execut may feel lost away hustl bustl corpor life mr. kirbi retir 1983 serv nine year chairman electr equip broadcast concern I n't miss mr. kirbi say At westinghous put 12-hour 14-hour day often follow busi dinner travel frequent when 're chairman thing other want mr. kirbi recal down I set schedul that realli great mr. kirbi plan life leisur bought home exclus enclav napl 1981 I realli look forward abl relax much possibl spend time thing I n't time I work say that mean golf least four time week frequent dip outdoor swim pool backyard jacuzzi and year escap florida 's steami weather mr. kirbi wife barbara spend summer home pittsburgh Of cours n't life riley mr. kirbi He stay activ director profession golf associ tour director mellon bank note keep money chairman univers pittsburgh 's board among thing still turn invit serv board current oblig requir 50 meet year far fewer squeez hectic schedul retir I 'd rather wear rust declar kemmon wilson founder former chairman memphi tenn.-bas holiday inn inc when mr. wilson retir 1979 compani start 27 year earlier three week spent recuper heart attack open heart surgeri then back work now 74 year old mr. wilson still put 12-hour day kemmon wilson co. compani found 1935 three son run By time left holiday inn current name holiday corp. kemmon wilson alreadi own stake 25 busi small hotel chain cemeteri the entrepreneuri mr. wilson expand ad nacho corn chip jalapeno pepper dip compani time share resort florida save loan associ among other I would go crazi I n't anyth say most day-to-day oper left execut partner mr. wilson still keep tab thing He spend six hour day offic sift mail answer telephon messag dictat letter just like old offic holiday inn new offic 100 award plaqu hang wall larg portrait mother hang desk the rest time mr. wilson visit nearbi busi check thing stroll wilson world hotel confer center recent constantli interrupt onlook want shake hand mr. wilson 's famili poor grow memphi today one citi 's best-known citizen We call mr. memphi say mayor richard hackett join mr. wilson soft vanilla ice cream sever month ago mr. wilson took first extend vacat sinc 1951 even six day but life n't work To relax go hunt son play tenni join famili 's weekli sunday dinner gather hi advic retir chief execut get get anoth job quickli say you ca n't play golf make love day most chief execut retir 60 archi mccardel retir unexpectedli 55 when mr. mccardel becam chief execut intern harvest co. 1978 age 51 everi reason think would around long time but lengthi strike recess led steep loss maker farm equip truck mr. mccardel left cloud may 1982 despit report oust mr. mccardel say left accord I reliev and I felt bitter recal still mr. mccardel n't know lack plan decid simpli relax think thing for sever month n't much sleep jog play golf tenni He slim drop 20 pound In sport tend person financ set trust three child He pass opportun return corpor life soon leav harvest sinc renam navistar intern corp. exampl mr. mccardel receiv offer becom chief execut sever compani I n't see anyth turn recal six month retir mr. mccardel 's daughter sandi husband ask go busi two child We thought greatest asset rememb raul arcena son-in-law mr. mccardel accept offer becom chairman arm properti inc. residenti real estat concern arm enterpris inc. manag firm advis ail small busi At harvest mr. mccardel put 13 hour day spent even briefcas full work often took aspirin morn reliev headach there time anyth work recal At arm usual work seven eight hour day time advis famili member handl day-to-day oper He often take four five day month give plenti time commut ivy-cov mansion fairfield conn. home florida canada upstat new york play golf tenni retir earli mr. mccardel say work like Do n't wait 're 65 advis top execut Do still energi the older get le flexibl william norri vividli rememb last day chairman control data corp. januari 1986 the day I walk offic I felt littl tug belli like I left famili farm nebraska take job westinghous electr say It realiz import chapter life end but last chapter A year retir 75-year-old mr. norri found control data 1957 still go strong instead begin second busi career like mani retir execut howev mr. norri pursu avoc preach way busi help solv america 's problem To spread gospel mr. norri give least three lectur month around u.s. hi favorit topic u.s. comput compani combat foreign rival share technolog america creat job help peopl start grow small busi educ improv expand computer-bas educ mr. norri 's proselyt topic result critic prais run control data critic insid outsid compani contend busi promot issu distract control data main busi sell comput result loss final two year helm compani axe mani pet program but though remain director control data consult compani say want without caus grumbl becaus oper control data offic across street compani 's headquart bloomington minn. much daili routin stay still thing differ He 's busi ever probabl littl relax say betti jane wife 43 year note mr. norri time swim fish go walk He talk sleep le often use I interpret tens compani lot pressur ms. watkin staff report the wall street journal 's boston bureau 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
