<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0071 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
food amp beverag household good supermarket tobacco fab the abrupt departur three anheuser-busch cos. execut amid alleg improp payment dent one nation 's care construct corpor imag sinc budweis clydesdal first parad celebr repeal prohibit 1933 anheuser-busch cast bastion all-american wholesom under august busch iii straight-lac chairman presid great-grandson founder st. louis-bas compani crusad drunken drive drug abus sponsor sport event alway display huge hors parad counti fair It 's straight-arrow compani cultur say former anheuser-busch execut august busch iii n't accept gift supplier employe know thu recent alleg improp deal now-defunct advertis promot agenc hanley worldwid inc. stun employe tightknit brew industri leader competitor well joseph E. martino vice presid sale compani 's beer unit john C. lodg manag nation sale promot event michael A. orloff vice presid beer unit 's wholesal oper divis abruptli depart anheuser-busch two week ago intern investig compani anheuser-busch wo n't comment investig except say focu alleg improp conduct certain employe supplier At least alleg came disput statement made year ago bankruptci court proceed nevertheless probe like spawn new ethic rule big brewer tighten control promot spend and anheuser-busch 's embarrass could prompt brewer review practic high-rol beer-promot field spend top 400 million year few employe better personifi anheuser-busch 's clean-cut imag three depart execut mr. martino mr. orloff graduat univers pennsylvania 's wharton school join compani 1979 brand manag soon hit fast track after stint execut assist denni P. long beer unit presid No 2 execut parent compani 34-year-old mr. martino seen insid mr. long 's heir appar still singl girlfriend st. loui recent bought larg tudor-styl home quiet st. loui neighborhood big lawn long driveway mr. lodg meanwhil sculpt high profil anheuser-busch fast-pac beer-promot arena compani biggest spender far As manag nation sale promot event break new ground compani work black promot minority-own promot agenc He also guid anheuser-busch deeper splashi concert promot last year 's superfest tour featur temptat black hispan group He 's clean-cut get real dynam preppi blazer red tie say lesa ukman editor special event report chicago-bas newslett add former anheuser-busch execut all three guy right page studi yuppi but compani inquiri began month ago chang everyth the impetu appar minut murki testimoni three-year liquid case hanley worldwid chapter 7 feder bankruptci code the case continu u.s. bankruptci court st. loui As long year ago hanley 's bankruptci truste charg lawsuit file court st. louis-bas hanley paid car dealer 13,500 toward 1982 purchas porsch mr. lodg the truste contend subsequ court file payment made partli induc mr. lodg funnel busi hanley mr. lodg 's attorney say agenc paid part cost car client n't awar the alleg two execut far seriou still murki A review offici tape record bankruptci court proceed show februari 1986 former hanley execut reluctantli repeat call hearsay mr. martino mr. orloff the statement made oath answer question lawyer involv case the former execut william E. bartlett said told fictiti invoic 250,000 sent anheuser-busch money split hanley 's owner associ hanley 's owner mr. martino under question also told hearsay mr. orloff receiv 25,000 the former execut said sourc inform mr. martino mr. orloff hanley 's owner marvin cotlar but mr. cotlar 's attorney milton P. goldfarb said friday client made statement and gerald A. rimmel bankruptci truste said found evid hanley made payment either execut thoma M. walsh attorney mr. martino mr. orloff declin comment whatev case three execut left within two day one anoth while one execut may clear investig 's rippl effect like linger brew industri anheuser-busch n't first big brewer hit ethic shoal beer promot last novemb miller brew co. No 2 brewer 1.9 million settlement now-defunct new york promot agenc miller milwaukee-bas unit philip morri inc. charg lawsuit feder court milwauke agenc use money suppos paid sponsor auto race event buy racehors furnish lavish resid We get bill thing thought promot agenc alreadi paid say alan easton miller 's vice presid corpor affair the stake beer promot advertis rise fast execut say effect control difficult anheuser-busch 's ad promot spend per six-pack doubl sinc 1980 accord beer market 's insight west nyack n.y.-bas newslett the compani spent roughli 207 million promot 1985 accord advertis age and big midwestern brewer domin industri often know littl glitzi fast-pac world promot the promot busi one need watch care say miller 's mr. easton our busi beer n't know much thing like race concert 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
