<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0062 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
On recent morn thoma o'brien bought 25 million stock-index futur 225,000 share reebok intern ltd. bran muffin choos muffin hard part practic everyth els mr. o'brien 's job chief equiti trader well fargo invest advisor part care guid process A comput printout tell stock buy A daili scratch sheet tell buy sell stock-index futur thi great say mr. o'brien finish futur purchas you market five second In money manag day much guesswork glamour fade now formula percentag rather clever hunch invest count larg behind chang two innov stock-index futur market enabl trader buy sell contract base gener level stock price desk-top comput let money manag quickli size market accord mathemat model At forefront trend toward sophist invest well fargo invest advisor wfia 's asset leap fivefold sinc 1984 now manag 60 billion client mainli big pension fund firm becom biggest singl investor stock market It also largest stockhold dozen major compani own exampl 10 million share intern busi machin corp. equal 1.7 giant comput compani the success well fargo amp co. invest unit decept simpl wfia seldom tri choos good bad stock instead mere match market benchmark standard amp poor 's 500-stock index they buy larg cross section stock hold explain edward safran assist treasur polaroid corp. major wfia client yet index fund wfia 's out-perform 60 70 convent stock manag recent year too mani activ manag pick wrong stock incur high trade cost say alan emkin pension consult wilshir associ index fund keep track market 's appeal client A bull market current one cours favor index fund alway fulli invest In contrast convent manag usual hold cash reserv hurt perform recent but reserv could help market turn mr. emkin say you ca n't get fall market 're index fund At wfia n't analyst tri predict earn evalu new product forecast economi the firm 's biggest section account depart track portfolio dividend owe stock select automat wfia 's chief invest offic 33-year-old patricia dunn keep wind-up white robot near desk It impish present colleagu chest label say invest manag index varieti robot invest irk observ My biggest sharehold n't know I let alon care whether build new mill alabama complain andrew sigler chief execut offic champion intern corp. We 're computer stock symbol other critic fret wfia 's huge use futures-trad strategi could someday jolt stock market but big client rush wfia 's defens they 're one best busi say thoma E. flanigan chief invest offic california state teacher retir system mr. flanigan overse 20 billion pension plan move 6 billion stock market past year index approach let move much money fast without hurt say In fact valu stock-index fund nationwid tripl sinc 1984 150 billion accord consult that make index fund equal 15 institut equiti hold 7 entir stock market more gener highli mathemat techniqu becom crucial big money manag banker trust co. chase manhattan corp. j.p. morgan amp co. onc place computer model pick stock year affect indirectli human judgment invest chang art technology-driven low-cost busi say john casey pension consult At wfia run formula last jan. 30 meant buy 200,000 share reebok quickli that 's wfia like stock S amp P 500 index amount scale market weight those hold rang 1.4 billion ibm 673,000 allis-chalm corp but reebok ad S amp P index earli januari wfia 's main index fund need buy 15 million stock shoe compani fast could without drive price big broker glad help mr. o'brien snap 100,000 share one lot 125,000 anoth By 10 a.m. done for buy one wfia realli care reebok there n't mani mispric secur anymor fred grauer wfia 's presid say each year random luck bring well share winner loser In fact mr. grauer argu better buy whole stock market way minim commiss trade cost spend lot time money often-futil search cheap stock last year S amp P 500 index rose bit 18 dividend reinvest wfia 's big index fund right line-up 18.49 We track index within 0.01 percentag point ms. dunn boast index fund part wfia 's busi though profession would rather talk new product these includ intern index fund fund us comput model pick promis area stock market stock-index arbitrag thi kind arbitrag involv shuffl million dollar stock futur depend invest cheaper moment last year wfia 's stock-index arbitrag earn 20 million client each morn futur specialist give mr. o'brien trader scratch sheet target price buy sell futur In late januari exampl readi sell S amp P futur time rose 1.10 point underli stock index If futur fell 0.20 point stock would buy futur sell stock instead hi typic trade involv 30 million We eight one day mr. o'brien say trader joke S amp P arbitrag sure moneymak nuclear war could disrupt In fact mr. o'brien 's biggest concern morn jan. 30 mani institut want make trade By time readi buy futur three buyer jump ahead broker queue tradit money manag shudder form trade thi turn new york stock exchang commod crapshoot complain charl allmon publish growth stock outlook newslett It 's ad volatil instabl market but S amp P arbitrag simpli provid liquid insist jeremi evnin wfia futur specialist when trader push futur price line wfia step restor balanc say To blame u move market like blame leash tug dog you look hand end wfia even activ anoth computer-driven invest strategi portfolio insur thi techniqu involv own stock hedg risk market drop stock-index futur the hedg adjust increas protect fall market let investor particip bull market wfia invest 9 billion way nanci feldkirch 's termin the 26-year-old assist vice presid say I tri think money comma zero otherwis I get nervou but ms. feldkirch n't realli make decis carri comput softwar licens leland o'brien rubinstein associ inc. lo angel decid buy sell ms. feldkirch 's biggest modif put old merced instrument gaug termin It make look high-tech joke portfolio-insur client seem pleas wfia 's result far It 's play way I would expect say timothi R. barron virginia invest offici nonetheless critic worri portfolio insur mechan buy sell futur could someday acceler plung stock price when portfolio insur rush sell stock-index futur huge sale depress futur price rel stock At point arbitrag tri profit discrep two market begin buy futur sell underli stock these sell program often involv hundr differ issu push stock price even lower set viciou circl the real test come fall market cours late market strong howev dow jone industri averag fell 86.61 point last sept. 11 arbitrag said increas sell afternoon get ahead portfolio insur expect insur need sell futur soon implement hedg awar tactic could aggrav market plung wfia tri use littl bit judgment portfolio-insur trade say rolf theisen anoth wfia futur specialist stock option cash market use well futur explain trader discret execut order gradual futur seem badli mispric rel stock It n't emerg situat peopl trade cost say wfia 's current market clout would seem unthink 1960 notion index fund aros At time financ professor univers chicago argu individu stock price move randomli made sens hold divers basket stock tri pick winner In 1971 pension manag samsonit corp. becam convinc enough ask well set first work index fund growth invest slow 1970 but taken past year studi go back much two decad began show clear perform edg index fund previous stubborn pension manag decid might well settl index In critic move 1983 well fargo hire mr. grauer away merril lynch amp co. run invest unit He replac william fous pioneer index left well set index firm mellon bank corp. At point say mr. casey consult the top manag well fargo final realiz good busi index that 's realli decid let grow for huge portfolio wfia surprisingli puni It employ 110 peopl ensconc one floor san francisco offic tower it index-fund manag fee minuscul rang low 0.05 asset annual thu wfia 's 60 billion asset probabl provid 30 million 50 million year fee revenu it pretax profit believ le half thu well 5 well fargo amp co. 's overal net incom offici wo n't discu wfia 's revenu earn still new money keep pour In januari exampl wfia ad 15 client 2.6 billion asset peopl keep ask u big get upper limit say jeff skelton wfia 's director busi develop they n't realiz size friend index 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
