<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0087 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
charl T. russel use play trombon pittsburgh burlesqu hous big band southeast He gave bank still know attract crowd mr. russel presid visa intern bank-own credit-card associ recent urg member consid halt sale american express co. servic retali financial-servic giant 's recent decis begin offer new cut-rat credit card consum group denounc plea illeg restraint trade congress consid inquiri but mr. russel resolut bank need realiz fox henhous declar visa 56-year-old mr. russel enjoy ride harley-davidson motorcycl collid consum congress critic long alleg visa member bank card issuer inflat interest rate As past year congress current consid impos rate ceil consum group think law would appropri respons mr. russel 's recent harangu but push congress fallen short past mr. russel 's plain talk help lead opposit He vocifer statement probabl reflect gener thought lead card issuer say pete hart first interst bancorp execut vice presid forewarn first interst offer american express gold card travel check reevalu relationship american express accord mr. hart noth rash plan say new card optima without question intrus busi american express bank use alli rather adversari american express card gener n't offer revolv credit bank market alongsid visa mastercard card but optima compet head-on the card cost 15 year addit 45 american express charg regular card but extend 13.5 credit the averag visa card also carri 15 annual fee stiffer 17.5 rate sever big bank charg even american express say limit number exist custom offer new card It n't expect issu mani two million 1990 compar 100 million current visa card holder It n't know fuss We basic credit busi say american express spokesman We 're go select market but elit group american express target major sourc bank credit card earn bank also believ american express estim modest fear plastic rate war they n't go fail say mr. russel I n't admir ethic I certainli respect knowledg He think american express mislead consum argu optima rate closer 18 tie-in regular card consid the flap come time visa member reason complain there 22 visa card holder world-wid two year ago the group furnish member new product system support servic develop computer card new link autom teller machin for bank credit card grow sourc profit although tax chang grow consum debt load portend possibl slower futur growth In orchestr visa 's expans mr. russel hit wrong note banker competitor two year ago led opposit merger propos rival mastercard idea bank issuer card thought would cut cost consum mr. russel say benefit overr merger rais possibl antitrust problem instead back joint effort question interest cooper visa mastercard studi nation network process retail store debit card transact last fall howev visa agre manag larg similar oper california mastercard offici worri joint ventur doom mr. russel deni hi comment american express also preced last summer part campaign blunt anoth bud competitor visa encourag member refus honor sear roebuck amp co. 's discov card autom teller machin along way critic believ consum cheat card rate n't fallen nearli sharpli interest rate sinc 1980 current rate also reflect jump write-off bad credit card loan bank brought upon aggress market mr. russel argu usuri law depress rate market level year ago make current rate seem high He also say critic ignor administr cost rate attack the steeper write-off contend stem lax bankruptci law heavi unemploy major oil-produc state indiscrimin card market while mr. russel face possibl congression justic depart investig american express comment say visa welcom attent We 've noth hide never add execut join visa 1971 like score musician put horn televis arriv 1950 while hunt music-stor job one day 1953 rainstorm forc take cover branch pnc financi corp the bank hire collector instal loan depart He marri former pittsburgh radio singer use back band weather permit mr. russel commut everi day novato calif. home single-engin airplan the 20-minut flight help forget troubl you ca n't think anyth els 're fli say when I fli home I n't problem anymor 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
