<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0109 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the ring phone the three-hour board meet the drop earn It 's part stress-fil life chief execut offic but frazzl ceo vent frustrat work still maintain air grace pressur some execut share secret let steam get hop quotron system inc. chairman milton E. mohr like skip troubl liter when tension rise 71-year-old execut retir small room adjoin offic skip rope hi attir I chang athlet support period A half-hour aerob activ let mr. mohr get away busi run financi information-servic compani allow littl privaci say secretari n't walk 25 year rope-hop after spartan regimen includ sever set sit-up push-up mr. mohr like eas back heat execut battl quotron acquir last year citicorp cool read newspap take It from rambo To littl blow-up OK say peter M. hoffman presid lo angeles-bas carolco pictur inc. movi compani produc rambo film It put anim level say mr. hoffman unlik peer 37-year-old execut suffer self-describ margin nervou stomach condit quick admit 'll yell someon push far We tri open attitud peopl go littl nut act weird We 're movi busi We 're relax bring mountain moham eli broad describ passion art collect educ emot experi the chairman kaufman amp broad inc. also found chairman lo angel museum contemporari art person art collect 200 work corpor collect 600 So mr. broad 53 need let littl steam simpli stroll hall home-build insur compani admir paint wall relief poster southern california artist although I live art explain I want feel good relax I 'll start look paint get mind busi problem return learn lesson from past when h.j heinz co. 's anthoni o'reilli need break problem present turn past the 50-year-old former rugbi player dublin say like pick histori book read bit thing get hectic offic current mr. o'reilli tackl biographi william gladston 19th centuri british prime minist the chief execut also tell joke eas tension board room histori often sourc one favorit dure world war II winston churchil report posit england seriou hopeless irishman listen said 'the posit ireland alway hopeless happili never seriou consult your beautician when run chain restaur beverli hill calif. home get hectic marilyn lewi pamper get hair done nail done relax say 56-year-old chairman hamburg hamlet inc. A beauti break n't alway best medicin athlet execut howev you 're sit borrow time emphas n't done dream On grandma alway said take nap It 's someth armand hammer n't forgotten when 88-year-old chairman chief execut lo angeles-bas occident petroleum corp. want reliev stress offic catch 40 wink I pillow blanket closet say dr. hammer I pull curtain I take nap 15 20 minut hang there paul oreffic rare arm 's length chin bar the 59-year-old head midland mich.-bas dow chemic co. chin bar fasten doorway two home offic closet but n't use bar chin-up I hang mr. oreffic say 30 second hang arm help reliev tension build neck back He also like extend leg strengthen thigh muscl sit desk isometr exercis learn physic therapist help recov old footbal injuri even lengthi board meet six-foot 180-pound execut remain activ tighten releas stomach muscl the great thing isometr nobodi els know I 'm He say stress-reliev exercis come handi particularli bore present look bright side andi granatelli say 's confront stress situat work simpli tell thing n't nearli bad seem the 63-year-old former race car driver own oper chain automobil servic shop across southwest call tuneup master the bright side outlook keep get overh 's caught lo angel rush-hour freeway traffic I could get upset but I say 'look all motor run motor oil engin run they 'll need tuneup soon and look both way befor you cross street martin S. davi sum approach stress-reduct patienc there 's stress everywher you cross street 's stress So patienc wait light chang say 59-year-old chairman chief execut new york-bas gulf amp western industri inc. mr. davi say n't let get work busi problem part job manag manag stress say you learn patienc handl anyth think funniest thing there time earlier career I took serious say william J. popejoy 48 when thing went wrong I quicker lash now chairman chief execut irvin calif.-bas financi corp. america find stress get better work simpli sit back recal light-heart moment life A littl bit laughter reliev stress say mr. popejoy name chairman chief execut financi corp. hold compani american save amp loan associ nation 's largest thrift 1984 charl W. knapp resign post intens pressur feder regul mr. popejoy reminisc letter flood offic appear televis commerci thrift one letter said 'you old-tim star-lik qualiti like rin tin tin He say memori colleg athlet day also good chuckl mr. popejoy rememb one buddi got hyper event track-and-field meet went take sweatpant took everyth front hundr stress what stress whi face fact relish tooth-grind blood-pump state stress bliss I thrive say minneapoli investor irwin jacob use compani head minstar inc. wage takeov battl hefti target borg-warn corp. amf inc while peopl like avoid stress situat 45-year-old execut say I think way life He add howev colleagu probabl creat stress other mr. jefferson member the wall street journal 's lo angel bureau 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
