<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0066 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
vaughn L. beal jr. got washington news confer earlier week offer give mani u.s. chief execut would dearli love stiff tariff foreign competitor the chairman chief execut offic harley-davidson inc. milwaukee-bas motorcycl maker said compani n't need final year five-year tariff aim big japanes motorcycl ask intern trade commiss cancel the move brought immedi prais congress gave boost controversi effort aid batter domest industri trade legisl mr. beal 's offer drop tariff earli kind attitud american busi need say aid sen. john heinz pennsylvania republican back harley 's effort get tariff 1983 harley 's move show tariff short-term tonic compani sen. heinz feel need n't becom perman lifelin oppon measur warn but 59-year-old mr. beal n't bring compani back brink collaps give away competit advantag hi plea termin tariff intend portray harley chrysler corp. two wheel mr. beal conced tariff fall 10 15 april 1 point worth littl noth harley remain u.s. motorcycl maker and say never essenti harley 's surviv I think could pull without tariff say kevin bahr secur analyst follow harley robert W. baird amp co. milwauke rather mr. bahr say harley 's streamlin manufactur process improv qualiti save compani some measur so-cal just-in-tim inventori control pattern japanes industri practic though mr. beal say washington tariff given harley respit predatori import practic compani note stock offer last summer benefit special tariff limit A spokeswoman trade agenc said yesterday harley n't yet file request cancel tariff agenc need least three month research request make recommend presid reagan mr. beal say make request consider sever month want wait tariff level lower 10 tariff wo n't worth whole bunch mr. beal avid rider harley 's big electra glide hog cycl led manag buyout harley then-par amf inc. 1981 almost immedi high interest rate soft market big cycl global war market share among much bigger japanes motorcycl brand honda yamaha threaten send harley junkyard the two japanes maker rapidli introduc new model cut price their u.s. inventori bulg threaten still price cut when eleph danc ant get trampl mr. beal say harley also still dog 1970 reput uneven workmanship presid reagan grant compani tariff import cycl engin 700 cubic centimet bigger known heavyweight cycl begin 45 wholesal price fall year year 35 20 15 10 end april 1988 but mr. beal note easili skirt japanes maker quickli began build so-cal tariff buster cycl engin 690 699 cubic centimet and glut japanes cycl alreadi countri n't affect I 'd bet net worth mr. beal say japanes dealer still sell new cycl import tariff As result improv manufactur techniqu instal harley mr. beal 's net worth consider hi 15.9 stake harley 's almost six million share went public last summer valu 12 million yesterday 's close price 13.50 25 cent american stock exchang composit trade mr. bahr say 's rich price almost 16 time 1986 oper earn 82 cent share 4.3 million compani matur industri add still kind mystiqu motorcycl compani america sale last year 295.3 million market share rose 19 1983 low 12.5 mr. beal say mr. beal monitor qualiti busi travel weather permit hog On recent trip san francisco denver wife eleanor discov defect 1986-model seat rear passeng seat tilt forward mrs. beal 's helmet kept bump whenev hit brake they stop reno nev. call factori test rider alreadi found flaw 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
