<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0026 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
feder regul quietli tri sever month find buyer financi corp. america parent nation 's largest thrift institut prospect n't good sale time immedi futur thrift industri sourc said sever industri sourc said edwin J gray chairman feder home loan bank board would like find buyer american save amp loan associ unit irvin calif.-bas financi corp. leaf offic end june nation thrift new industri public quot unidentifi sourc washington say sale financi corp. top prioriti feder regul A bank board spokesman declin comment Ed would like resolv situat one way anoth leaf offic I 'm sure 's enough time said one top california thrift execut the word mr. gray 's intent come time critic financi corp. chairman william popejoy grow california thrift circl mr. popejoy could n't reach immedi comment brought financi corp. august 1984 regul forc then-chairman charl knapp run deposit effect assum supervisori role thrift after initi cut size financi corp. mr. popejoy push growth permiss feder regul american save gener pay somewhat deposit charg le mortgag major healthi main competitor It also kept make fixed-r mortgag loan industri averag gambl interest rate wo n't rise precipit next sever year mr. popejoy insist n't take mani risk loan hedg degre possibl interest rate increas mr. gray said previous attempt regul actual take financi corp. three year ago would led bankruptci feder save amp loan insur corp. could n't afford multi-billion dollar bailout howev push congress infus much 25 billion capit insur fund despit industri insist much smaller amount need I think gray tri win larg thrift oppos fslic recapit plan impli would take problem financi corp. hand fslic money aid takeov one california thrift execut said howev thrift attorney said hear rumor government-aid attempt financi corp. taken estim move would requir buyer add 600 million financi corp. 's net worth get meet minimum regulatori requir the attorney also said believ takeov could eventu cost fslic much 7 billion the home loan bank board said fund reserv 1.9 billion dec. 31 preliminari gener account offic audit claim fslic end year technic bankrupt In past mr. popejoy said would welcom discuss possibl acquisit financi corp. sort outsid capit infus In recent week snipe thrift industri execut increas mr. popejoy attempt explain rational increas size financi corp. strategi hedg possibl risk two week ago sought receiv legal opinion could spell strategi meet industri execut without caus antitrust problem industri sourc said mr. popejoy spoke top competitor meet legisl regulatori committe california leagu save institut under ground rule audienc could n't ask question comment mr. popejoy 's talk chairman least one major thrift left prior speech 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
