<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0053 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
for moment TV commerci could pa miller lite advertis bubba smith sit tree read dick butku approach tote footbal but time burli former footbal player n't push beer 're sell bibl and soon curiou mr. butku snatch one call the book mr. smith begin pore celebr testimoni long stapl sell secular product part recent move bibl publish use modern market techniqu like merchandis soap cereal automobil bibl compani concoct slick packag go demograph nich spin new product they 're use harvard busi school approach market sometim sophist way say john dessauer director center book-industri research univers scranton pennsylvania there 's big chang philosophi and produc major chang 200-million-a-year retail market bibl As nearli 2,000-year-old product book tell well-known stori bibl present unusu market challeng for centuri approach focus fresh translat 100 english alon sinc 1900 along cours bibl 's continu appeal faith even modern era publish primarili tap more-or-less captiv market half sale made church quantiti buyer but publish rel passiv toward individu consum with rise visibl born-again christian total bibl sale grew 10 annual late 1970 1983 annual sale includ estim 15 million commerci copi 1984 the conservative-christian movement also help bring new breed market religi publish bruce ryskamp presid bibl group zondervan corp. grand rapid mich. publish exampl market execut yellow page publish He say decid 1983 work zondervan I realli think god speak thing chang say robert schwalb vice presid bibl market thoma nelson publish inc. nashvil tenn. for long time church brand certain profess 'anti-god advertis probabl rank right pornographi now even establish publish nelson take new approach one leader market vanguard marion G. pat robertson 's christian broadcast network inc. base virginia beach Va In 1984 cbn team tyndal hous publish wheaton ill. make radic chang bibl market We look consum product say david clark market vice presid cbn what would take get peopl pick To find partner conduct consum focu group survey mall shopper result led repackag tyndal 's mainstay edit they first pick intriguingli vagu titl the book they made paperback pick bold cover test six At 9.95 price held consid psycholog crucial 10 barrier they distribut the book unconvent outlet includ K mart hardwar store groceri use catchi display they line new york advertis agenc prime televis time celebr endors the result more two million copi sold date tyndal 's share retail bibl sale estim 12.5 11 1983 now sale the book cool tyndal tri sustain success spinoff they includ one-year edit organ daili chunk read child 's version sold 650,000 copi religi board game along line trivial pursuit the book cassett tape and last fall tyndal introduc the stori from adam armageddon chronolog version while perhap le ambiti evangel cbn 's project zondervan 's effort elabor By earli 1980 compani 's readabl yet literal-mind new intern version enjoy ecumen appeal but took niche-market approach led mr. ryskamp make sale boom mr. ryskamp introduc two dozen differ splinter edit help rais zondervan 's bibl sale 21 million last year 11.6 million 1982 the niv 's share retail bibl sale risen 30 first time eclips current basi vener king jame version public-domain translat put sever concern zondervan target among segment missouri synod lutheran edit featur doctrin note scholar five studi edit schoolchildren edit bound ruggedli like textbook print sans-serif type now mr. ryskamp ponder large-print edit five volum easi handl book might carri ad advic death ill inherit topic interest elderli other possibl spanish-and-english edit aim hispan immigr one black perhap black-english refer face innov competit overal flat market sinc 1984 nelson biggest u.s. religi publish lost market share tri recov ground it preciou moment bibl illustr popular line cherub child 's charact sold million copi year still market strategi deliv A spokesman reader 's digest associ inc. say pleasantvil n.y. publish gener pleas sale 500,000 copi condens edit introduc 1982 but other maintain book n't materi signific competitor expect and rush creat new version publish still arous controversi some gotten theolog thicket apocrypha exampl group book roman cathol bibl protest n't recogn zondervan fundamentalist protest heritag hesit niv translat apocrypha but nelson pursu cathol market edit includ prompt critic member larger protest market more troubl publish mani evangel well commerci motif indic differ problem despit sale effort number regular bibl reader may slip A gallup survey year found 11 respond said read bibl daili compar 15 1982 survey say mr. ryskamp all get bibl after 's god 's hand 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
