<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0068 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
claudin B. malon face unusu dilemma learn mid-februari dart group corp. consid bid supermarket gener corp. for eight year 50-year-old teacher manag consult mclean va. serv outsid director board compani and realiz potenti conflict interest It clear I resign one board say So discuss option lawyer ms. malon resign feb. 28 board dart group affili trak auto corp. choos remain board compani becam dart 's target she full particip deliber accord supermarket gener spokesman the woodbridg n.j.-base food retail mull 1.62 billion unsolicit takeov propos dart made march 6 well altern includ seek anoth suitor few director ever thrust ms. malon 's posit decis strike expert odd I would gotten board say john M. nash presid nation associ corpor director she lot inform head acquir compani may inform may use supermarket gener defens I think 's walk thin line add barbara hackman franklin corpor director head govern busi program wharton school univers pennsylvania philadelphia It sound like awkward situat best ms. malon black serf board sever big compani defend decis It n't seem 's head haft father son head discount retail dart german transact say My convers supermarket gener peopl lead think I resign supermarket gener 's board well moreov robert haft 34-year-old presid landov md.-base dart former student ms. malon 's n't consid traitor instead seem think potenti sympathet ear supermarket gener board He say ms. malon maintain complet wall variou board activ provid help dart 's bid but add understand busi oper abil resolv acquir third retail busi dart current oper two discount retail oper crown book corp. trak auto chain automot suppli store offici supermarket gener indic strong desir remain independ say never question loyalti she resign dart board therefor conflict interest say spokesman ms. malon teach part-tim univers virginia 's busi school wo n't say dart 's seat gave she say choic difficult I longstand good relationship group I valu person profession not everyon would say haft they reput put compani play sell back stake target premium practic known greenmail last year mr. haft father herbert made bid safeway store inc. nation 's largest supermarket chain quickli rebuf safeway went privat haft made profit 140 million stake some analyst specul dart might interest put supermarket gener play buy current dart own le 5 stake ms. malon 's dart supermarket gener tie go back 1970 taught harvard busi school the elder mr. haft dart chairman attend one seminar leonard lieberman chairman chief execut offic supermarket gener robert haft took cours studi mba when dart look outsid director 1979 younger mr. haft recommend former professor their relationship remain warm robert haft ms. malon 's invit spoke one class last fall though n't spoken sinc left dart 's board the daughter dress shop owner washington ms. malon involv retail life her first job wrap christma gift raleigh store close held chain cloth store washington area later return compani control A certifi public account harvard-educ mba ms. malon serf mostli audit financ committe board join last year serv nine board includ limit inc. campbel soup co. scott paper co. houghton mifflin Co accord 1986 proxi statement file secur exchang commiss ms. malon receiv 93,000 annual retain serv board plu addit fee much 1,000 time attend meet supermarket gener paid 13,000 plu 750 per board committe meet As outsid director member dart 's audit committe earn 12,000 trak auto paid 10,000 fee ms. malon say n't set becom profession director but start join board time mani compani tri add woman minor over time say variou relationship led board opportun 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
