<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0004 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
ecolab inc. said sign definit agreement buy chemlawn corp. 370 million 36.50 share appar scuttl wast manag corp. 's hostil takeov bid chemlawn ecolab 's surpris bid came heel wast manag 's sweeten offer friday 35 share chemlawn chemlawn columbu ohio lawn care concern seek friendli suitor sinc reject wast manag 's initi 27 share offer februari A wast manag spokesman yesterday said oak brook ill.-bas wast dispos concern would n't immedi comment announc wast manag said 121 chemlawn share tender last thursday the acquisit announc made market close friday In new york stock exchang composit trade friday ecolab share close 30.875 12.5 cent In nation over-the-count trade chemlawn share rose 1.875 36 In interview pierson M. griev chairman presid chief execut offic st. paul minn.-bas ecolab said compani approach chemlawn friendli offer feb. 27 day wast manag made initi bid neither compani disclos ecolab 's interest time chemlawn said instruct financi advisor smith barney harri upham amp co. look purchas meanwhil chemlawn adopt sharehold right plan design fend hostil bidder In brief statement friday chemlawn said drop sharehold right plan mr. griev said ecolab decid make pre-empt offer chemlawn wast manag rais bid ecolab 's offer condit tender least 5.3 million chemlawn share give ecolab option buy chemlawn 's author unissu share 36.50 anoth higher bid mr. griev also said holder 25 chemlawn 's outstand share agre tender ecolab If transact n't complet certain condit chemlawn agre pay ecolab 20 million We feel 've lock pretti tight mr. griev said ecolab make clean sanit product institut formerli known econom laboratori inc. for second quarter end dec. 31 ecolab net incom 10.6 million 40 cent share sale 421.8 million earn includ 2 million gain sale asset the compani net incom fiscal year end june 30 1986 43.7 million 1.62 share sale 812.9 million mr. griev said chemlawn acquisit boost ecolab 's earn remaind fiscal year sinc ecolab 's result includ chemlawn 's season strongest quarter that benefit like nearli offset fiscal 1988 chemlawn 's full-year result absorb said meanwhil chemlawn said director approv sever agreement senior manag includ jack van fossen chairman chief execut offic encourag manag stay chemlawn transit the agreement provid lump sum payment equal 2.99 time termin manag 's averag base pay preced five year ecolab said arrang financ acquisit citicorp new york mr. griev said ecolab might sell asset follow merger cut debt load declin elabor analyst express surpris size ecolab bid mr. griev acknowledg bid full price but said ecolab expect sale expertis help improv chemlawn 's futur earn thi n't opportunist move said It fulfil longstand strateg plan move residenti servic market 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
