<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0033 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
food amp beverag household good supermarket tobacco fab dart group corp. step effort acquir supermarket gener corp. request access inform said food retail provid prospect buyer In letter supermarket gener 's board friday herbert H. haft son robert dart 's chairman presid respect ask sell brochur said distribut 20 prospect buyer woodbridg n.j.-base food retail We deni inform haft said letter would sign agreement prohibit u make bid supermarket gener without approv well otherwis limit abil purchas supermarket gener 's share the haft refus sign agreement suggest landov md.-base dart contempl hostil tender offer ca n't coax supermarket gener accept 1.62 billion takeov propos made two week ago In interview yesterday robert haft declin comment possibl We feel ultim 'll purchas compani said they 've clearli put compani sale As previous report supermarket gener appar attempt resist dart 's unsolicit bid 41.75 share weigh option these includ seek anoth suitor take compani privat buy back share make acquisit the compani indic strong desir remain independ dart tri woo supermarket gener say term offer negoti includ price In addit discount retail said n't intend increas stake supermarket gener long negoti progress dart current hold 1.9 million supermarket gener share le 5 food retail 's common share outstand mr. haft said father wrote supermarket gener board hope board recogn 're current bidder includ kind inform access manag robert E. wunderl vice presid public affair supermarket gener said compani held discuss good faith haft He ad compani disappoint haft chosen public content letter fill half truth distort He declin elabor the haft letter clearli design pressur u action believ sharehold best interest mr. wunderl said We succumb pressur continu previous state explor possibl maxim sharehold valu mr. wunderl ad compani n't yet receiv report invest banker shearson lehman brother inc. dart propos possibl In composit trade friday new york stock exchang supermarket gener close 42.25 12.5 cent indic investor hope higher bid emerg separ supermarket gener certain execut su state court delawar sharehold stanley D. bernstein contend illeg tri thwart takeov offer entrench the plaintiff claim repres class injur sharehold seek order requir supermarket gener negoti good faith bidder In letter haft describ meet last week supermarket gener 's repres product they said supermarket gener repres outlin sever propos payment compani 's execut part transact these includ payment 5.7 million leonard lieberman compani 's chairman chief execut offic two execut immedi 'cash sever agreement accord letter mr. haft said implic mr. lieberman jame dougherti compani 's execut vice presid plan leav compani sold He suggest two execut interest might reflect sharehold interest everi dollar paid top manag beyond present agreement dollar sharehold pocket said mr. haft said two side never discuss price sharehold would receiv they would n't tell u whether price fair adequ they give u respons offer 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
