<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0155 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
genex corp. said recruit gari E. frashier presid chief execut offic effort improv imag struggl biotechnolog concern mr. frashier 50 year old chairman chief execut offic continent water system corp. san antonio texas-bas unit olin corp. produc ultra-pur water scientif use He succe J. lesli glick 46 resign januari behest genex 's chairman largest stockhold robert F. johnson genex hope mr. frashier restructur compani shed lacklust oper push new product He kind commerci savvi need said compani offici He understand industri market serv under mr. glick genex pin hope proto enzyme-bas drain cleaner n't corros that proto strategi build broad custom base among hospit colleg restaur variou institut but mr. frashier consid approach fragment effect I n't think clean product futur genex said genex held talk sever compani sell proto licens mr. frashier said declin identifi prospect buyer genex flounder sinc 1985 lost big contract suppli raw materi aspartam artifici sweeten made monsanto co. 's g.d. searl amp co. unit sale searl account 58 genex 's annual revenu the loss contract forc genex dismiss 40 work forc post 15.9 million loss year for first nine month 1986 genex report loss 2.4 million earlier month compani arrang 4 million line credit four venture-capit group mr. frashier bet genex 's new affin protein still develop greater commerci success these protein bind tightli specif molecul offer prospect applic diagnosi treatment cancer separ purif materi In addit mr. frashier push develop line protein-bas adhes coat product I think chanc commerci success greater area clean product though care thoroughli mr. frashier said A chemic engin train mr. frashier former execut loctit corp. adhes maker head three divis millipor corp. maker purif separ product In 1984 organ manag buyout one divis continent water system olin acquir recent mr. frashier also name director genex n't expect quick fix compani I would n't call turnaround specialist said I plan long haul 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
