<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0095 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the scandal surround new york-bas defens contractor wedtech corp. set stage congression review small busi administr 's controversi 8 procur program the program take name law author allow minority-own busi obtain feder contract without competit bid the sba award total 3 billion contract last year thi week rep. nichola mavroul D. mass chair subcommitte hous small busi committe introduc legisl revamp 8 program reduc potenti abus the goal preserv worthwhil program address obviou problem meaning reform aid congressman say At time senat small busi committe consid hold hear later spring could lead similar legisl chamber the wedtech case rekindl debat 8 program sinc incept 1968 plagu period alleg abus the recurr problem establish front compani ostens own minor realiti control white In 1979 investig exampl sba found 20 1,500 compani particip program either n't minority-control n't disadvantag misus fund also problem one compani obtain 8 contract later bought racehors caught cold die though the abus real taint program 's reput degre mani feel unwarr the interest program usual trigger someth neg air say gordon G. alexand washington d.c. repres busi group black corpor presid new england that 's unfortun busi put dollar economi misunderstand program also stem lack studi effect creat success minority-own busi Of approxim 3,900 compani particip program 915 graduat but n't known mani graduat surviv forc bid work the success rate becom clearer next month staff senat small busi committe expect complet survey 8 graduat A littl year ago wedtech consid one program 's success stori the compani grown small machin shop major maker pontoon engin equip provid job 1,200 worker econom devast south bronx over year wedtech got 250 million defens contract 8 program but last year state feder prosecutor began investig question compani payment polit connect law firm consult A special prosecutor still investig lobbi wedtech 's behalf former white hous aid lyn nofzig eventu wedtech offici admit bribe govern offici pay union forg invoic govern defraud sharehold In decemb compani sought court protect creditor bankruptci law halt oper dismiss worker under new manag compani sinc rehir 280 worker resum limit product the legisl propos rep. mavroul intend elimin potenti mani abus attribut wedtech simultan strengthen sba polici aim ensur young minor compani program ultim stand On side prevent abus exampl bill would increas fine individu set front compani 300,000 50,000 It would sharpli limit number polit appointe sba make decis 8 award and would bar sba employe own stock 8 compani On business-develop side legisl would doubl length time compani could particip program 14 year more signific would establish three-phas process wean compani depend program initi reaction mr. mavroul 's bill gener favor I think would go long way prevent futur wedtech say mr. alexand repres black corpor presid group add ella mae hors organ nation nativ american chamber commerc I think help minor contractor the republican respons mavroul bill qualifi massachusett rep. silvio O. cont rank republican mavroul subcommitte say support provis crack abus but aid express reserv doubl particip period the aid say mr. cont intend submit bill would make signific chang 8 program includ elimin role sba play middleman procur agenc contractor still mr. cont say spokesman We think time right 8 reform We view one way mr. mavroul view anoth way We 're sure reach compromis 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
