<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0045 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the reagan administr like decid week impos sanction japanes microchip-mak violat last summer 's semiconductor trade accord At meet friday subcabinet task forc review new commerc depart data conclud japanes manufactur continu dump product third-countri market despit provis juli 31 agreement prohibit practic the group renew recommend made late februari u.s. take punit action dump sell foreign market price cost product fair market valu home the issu next go cabinet-level econom polici council schedul meet mid-week although panel could postpon judgment case u.s. offici say 's almost certain recommend sanction late friday offic sever u.s. semiconductor maker met commerc secretari malcolm baldrig group senat congressman renew plea sanction the panel also slate consid whether retali japanes govern refus buy u.s.-mad supercomput although american manufactur clearli hold lead highli sophist product tokyo reject u.s. plea forc ministri agenc relax ban import devic the issu becom emot one u.s. american manufactur alreadi sell supercomput non-govern buyer japan u.s. trade strategist still n't decid precis retali semiconductor issu they say like option would u.s. impos punit tariff japanes product laser-print use semiconductor they would rather tri limit import microchip avoid hurt u.s. corpor use import microchip product make even econom polici council agre retali japanes sanction probabl would n't take effect mid-april current practic requir u.s. offici draw list potenti target allow affect parti comment like impact washington follow similar procedur earlier year impos tariff european wine chees import retali new common market tariff u.s. agricultur export the two side later work settlement retaliatori tariff withdrawn the council action week wo n't deal charg u.s. chipmak japan n't live promis semiconductor accord allow u.s. manufactur gain larger share microchip market japan the subcabinet-level meet friday came japanes govern 11th-hour effort ward u.s. retali told head 10 larg japanes semiconductor maker increas purchas foreign-mad microchip stop dump foreign market the plea came hajim tamura countri 's trade minist u.s. offici said unlik mr. tamura 's action would effect econom polici council 's decis week the u.s. warn japan novemb u.s. manufactur unhappi way pact enforc tokyo announc sever move crack violat far none succeed separ two countri announc japan agre open market u.s. export process pollack her import quota bar sale past specif japan broaden quota system issu enough import licens accommod u.s. export product u.s. offici estim move result 85 million addit u.s. sale year sale eventu could grow 300 million annual the u.s.-japan semiconductor accord negoti request u.s. microchip maker provid japanes produc stop dump third-countri market It also call japan allow u.s. produc larger share japan 's market howev dump involv action privat concern rather japanes govern prove difficult enforc 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
