<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0069 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
strike event happen moscow play film literari work whose appear would imposs year ago scene andrei sakharov return gorki mani dissid releas gulag mikhail gorbachev speak competit elect parti posit famili busi made legal how fundament chang event portend In the wake giant gorbachev 's russia pantheon 298 page 17.95 martin walker manchest guardian 's moscow correspond sinc 1984 say situat revolutionari more importantli mr. gorbachev describ way well As mr. walker put situat driven emerg new class well-educ rel prosper influenti frustrat ineffici dreari soviet life keenli awar soviet backward thi class want see system reform reform revolut mr. walker 's inform sympathet descript struggl gain freedom art emerg feminist movement countri woman truli hard lot recent econom experi suggest modif exist system transform aim push chang mani politburo central committe communist parti resist even mr. gorbachev may inde want big chang least say bold thing He sometim assert need flexibl price link demand well cost farmer abl market produc wage link person organiz perform but mr. walker observ system littl room maneuv the parti bureaucraci resist need price increas could result riot mr. gorbachev might go nikita khrushchev putsch the econom system perform central import mr. walker 's treatment inadequ soviet real nation incom grow anyth like 62 rate 1970 mr. walker claim improv brezhnev year mostli mid-1970 contrari mr. walker 's assert arm race space definit boost soviet economi mr. gorbachev clearer complain ronald reagan american strateg defens initi design drive soviet union bankruptci the basic caus soviet econom malais command structur economi soviet also hurt much mr. walker acknowledg enorm share resourc taken militari relat activ throughout soviet empir As mr. gorbachev tri hold militari spend shift resourc invest mr. walker see plausibl surfac navi soviet forc along chines border like affect If mr. walker deserv good grade reportag kremlin person cultur scene best incomplet econom matter flunk geopolit here stanc nomin neutral oper favor soviet rather notion mr. gorbachev stand hi argument depressingli familiar the invas afghanistan one thing empir for everi afghanistan vietnam syndrom the old soviet fear surround enemi compel countri break domin neighbor moreov west 's support corrupt brutal regim third world real reason soviet expans Of cours need tri understand soviet union better receiv end soviet bullet bomb whether directli indirectli deliv hint soviet support terrorist pop mr. walker 's book present soviet behavior matter terribl past warp collect psych mr. walker suggest west interest maintain physic territori integr soviet state failur mr. gorbachev 's program might produc collaps consequ chao unit germani european crisi perhap gener war So let u help mr. gorbachev urg We hear line west germani 's foreign minist hans-dietrich genscher hear other come month the problem line soviet system stabl resist chang help west simpli make easier ruler maintain ineffici system mr. rowen professor public manag graduat school busi senior research fellow hoover institut stanford univers 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
