<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0081 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
profession basketbal player thrill elect nba all-star team basebal player exult inclus hall fame So coca-cola co. 's chairman chief execut offic roberto goizueta feel name advertis age 's 1986 adman year that 's good news say the bad news last year 's roger smith beleagu chairman gener motor the medium made hero 're make goat perhap point mr. smith told newspap recent I n't good said I two year ago I 'm bad say I Or perhap point realli examin idea chief execut hero are n't should n't If whose hero sharehold societi 's two mutual exclus compat It 's difficult put finger precis exactli idea ceo hero emerg I mean rare hit anyth park ca n't danc anyth certainli n't risk life save anybodi somehow though I suspect lee iacocca heavili mix current think subject when chrysler corp. count mr. iacocca took page life joe namath muham ali bona fide hero went congress stage corpor equival person guarante would beat colt simultan taunt sonni liston when chrysler got stagger back corner continu fight modern chief execut hero born forget turnaround ford motor co. mani way impress busi achiev mani american identifi donald petersen It would n't work cours mr. iacocca ugli poorli spoken thi truli medium age time place print time broadcast inconsequenti do anyon remot deem public person long littl style A friend exampl recent suggest idea nation syndic local cabl TV show call lifestyl nouveau rich not famou until now and I would n't surpris see catch not mr. iacocca 's busi achiev without substanc but could 've foreseen coup would inspir guy buy electr shaver compani invad live room commerci much like shaver write book star ceo hero probabl anyon could 've predict vanna white would grace cover newsweek somewher question style vs. substanc loom larg allen H. neuharth chairman former ceo built gannett co. medium giant often interview shape compani creat usa today but 's also often ask wear black white black toilet white bathroom wear gray emin He say 's conveni keep mismatch sock tie but n't believ thi matter style one suspect pick role model littl hugh hefner eccentr and leaf open detractor ca n't find anyth wrong p/e ratio say thing like you ca n't tell sharkskin end Al begin mr. neuharth one relish corpor heroism He thrill sit georg washington 's church pew recent receiv poor richard club gold medal place alongsid like walt disney dwight eisenhow gen. david sarnoff william paley cours lee iacocca yet conced mani peer n't share feel Of ceo I know well major inclin want much public recognit say perhap survey seem indic public n't hold ceo high esteem Or currenc celebr incred debas In case coke 's mr. goizueta note peopl n't idea substanc ceo 's job anyway everyon want know 'what go buy next what go sell say that 's think ceo today the medium like focu singular act like chang coke formula thi huge compani run but tell 've 25 compound return sinc 1981 compar prior 10 year return le 1 n't care It 's sexi He 's right cours 's unless 're sharehold and even 're like think ceo done pay enorm well rather hero where get realli confus though new breed ceo/invest banker asset player It 's hard embrac hero folk made america 's corpor landscap effici yield basi dismantl gobbl manner compani without regard synergi even compat much le intang concept employe loyalti the sole goal product effort money they n't produc anyth societi they n't run compani then sell buy and marketplac confirm belief money conquer but appear hero soul futur survey nation 's elit busi school show futur mba aspir invest bank merger acquisit oppos mundan pursuit manufactur now follow thing think what 's differ way feel learn favorit overpaid nba power forward bust crack way feel rich invest banker handcuf haul jail insid trade person I 'll miss watch forward 's turnaround slammajamma I 'm disappoint 's stupid On hand shackl shark bring smile face I suspect america agre and 's ceo ca n't hero even want If could peopl would write countri song titl like mama n't let babi grow ceo mr. huey the wall street journal 's atlanta bureau chief 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
