<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0107 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
rjr nabisco inc. said bring back J. paul sticht former chairman chief execut offic chairman the appoint made provid stabil influenc sourc said rjr rock chang sinc begin year F. ross johnson presid name chief execut offic mr. sticht 69 year old retir chairman 1983 current rjr director chairman execut committe He succeed chairman J. tyle wilson 55 previous report take earli retir the chang expect take effect board vote april 22 date rjr 's annual meet rjr said mr. sticht chairman april 1988 compani retir polici step age 70 the compani said appoint mr. sticht would focu compani 's extern affair would free mr. johnson concentr run busi rjr said appoint suggest mr. johnson howev move came surpris consid mr. johnson like successor mr. wilson mr. johnson 55 alreadi taken swift control compani engin controversi impend move headquart atlanta complet 1.2 billion sale liquor busi launch studi possibl spinoff rjr 's tobacco busi master limit partnership but neither analyst sourc close compani said thought mr. sticht 's appoint design put brake mr. johnson -or affect manag compani paul sticht statesman He wo n't activ manag said execut close compani ross johnson n't exactli stabil influenc new situat paul sticht when allig boat make feel calm keep hand tiller boat cours the appoint mr. sticht first name chairman 1979 could calm influenc rjr 's tobacco busi last three month shaken manag chang possibl spinoff It could help smooth relat winston-salem commun also badli shaken rjr 's impend move the move n't seen sign board conflict mr. johnson support board mr. sticht power director say unoffici chairman along thi n't first time mr. sticht pluck board serv larger role In 1973 year retir presid feder depart store inc. name presid chief oper offic r.j. reynold industri inc. alreadi director that posit subsequ becom first non-tobacco chief execut compani becam rjr oversaw first surg diversif thi time mr. sticht 's new duti includ trade custom govern relat chairman council advis compani 's intern affair mr. johnson vice chairman chief execut offic nabisco brand inc. acquir r.j. reynold 4.9 billion 1985 He becam presid chief oper offic merg compani In chang rjr name mr. johnson chairman execut committe succeed mr. sticht jame O. welch jr. chairman chief execut compani 's nabisco brand inc. unit name vice chairman rjr titl share edward A. horrigan chairman chief execut r.j. reynold tobacco co. robert J. carbonel formerli execut vice presid rjr name senior execut vice presid 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
