<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0118 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
with presid reagan larg recov prostat surgeri wife nanci took road partli heal wound bruis neg public surround not-so-behind-the-scen effort oust white hous chief staff donald regan last month first ladi yesterday return le controversi role address parent resourc institut drug educ 's annual confer atlanta part stepped-up travel plan next month she 's go jump drug bandwagon get road stop mind store say one republican offici knowledg first ladi 's strategi counter recent unfavor review It 's partli husband better but 's also lot damag control not say elain crispen mrs. reagan 's spokeswoman It 's new anyth suggest 're chang imag malarki she note mrs. reagan 's drug effort longstand and assert first ladi 's imag n't need burnish but new wall street journal/nbc new poll conduct sunday tuesday suggest first ladi plainli hurt public 's grow percept much influenc husband Of poll unusu high 39 thought presid let influenc much wife 53 n't think 8 n't sure mrs. reagan still enjoy high 61 overal approv rate fallen 13 point sinc last april disapprov rate tripl 26 while 8 poll thought mrs. reagan wield great deal influenc 38 thought current jump 16 point sinc last april but mani think 's influenti still small minor 6 think next two year 'll main power white hous confid first ladi say frustrat hurt drub receiv day surround mr. regan 's feb. 27 resign anxiou limit damag after new york time columnist william safir 's march 2 column charg polit interfer make husband appear wimpish helpless mrs. reagan sought advic friend insid outsid white hous among presidenti pollster richard wirthlin mr. wirthlin declin discu meet might first ladi but sourc close two say agre best tack mrs. reagan take return renew vigor drug issu care appear meddl substant polici issu whatev els must one sourc put go pound new white hous chief staff howard baker everi day In effort improv imag mrs. reagan lot help spontan backlash brought medium overkil also old friend led way defens one director charl Z. wick u.s. inform agenc suggest without ever ask support launch virtual public-rel campaign It like call 'propaganda alert say mr. wick you counter neg public way counter soviet disinform you send truth widespread audienc possibl thu mr. wick friend first ladi fan across dizzi array televis radio talk show time fill op- page polit column prestigi journal nation mr. wick five televis appear le week mrs. reagan 's former press secretari sheilah tate hit televis circuit also co-author op- piec new york time one first ladi 's longtim friend nanci reynold mrs. reagan shown advanc copi gave bless similarli pundit georg will one celebr lunch recent mrs. reagan devot part march 6 washington post column defens while critic husband display essenti passiv presidenti function iran-contra affair mock first ladi 's critic He also offer help exampl reluct meddl suggest howard baker ask mrs. reagan opinion appoint william webster director central intellig agenc recoil say want opinion everyth In process champion mrs. reagan 's right play role husband 's affair defend stir outpour anti-sexist sentiment mrs. reagan 's usual caus the first ladi 's staff wryli enjoy fact even washington post columnist judi mann tough critic past march 6 call presid reagan lucki man marri nanci and make case strong-wil wife mrs. reagan 's champion may reopen so-cal gender gap more woman men 65 vs. 57 accord recent poll approv there lot unsung power wife understand suggest michel davi execut director republican governor associ and appar lot husband n't Do agre disagre follow statement presid reagan let influenc much wife agre 39 disagre 53 not sure 8 the wall street journal/nbc new poll 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
