<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0018 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
three year ago pundit tout micron technolog inc. kind small american compani beat japanes game low-cost product high-tech product later micron began run big loss japanes price competit semiconductor sale becam one u.s. industri 's strident critic japanes trade practic now howev execut sever japanes chip compani say micron secretli explor possibl acquir japanes compani the execut say repres micron bois idaho-bas chip manufactur held talk last year least three japanes compani fujitsu ltd. hitachi ltd. oki electr industri co. subject possibl purchas micron one japanes concern these compani declin comment talk joseph parkinson micron 's chairman deni ever spoken japanes compani possibl takeov call report micron sought japanes suitor utter baloney you check passport said ask comment report flew tokyo last summer talk possibl acquir howev mr. parkinson declin comment whether overtur may made micron 's behalf compani 's invest banker accord japanes industri sourc micron repres held talk fujitsu hitachi oki tokyo last summer the discuss said cover number issu includ possibl technology-licens agreement potenti sale micron 's asset the execut said hitachi dismiss micron 's overtur immedi fujitsu likewis n't pursu micron overtur oki meanwhil object micron 's latest anti-japanes attack last week sent vice presid bois within past six month meet micron 's presid juan benitez mr. parkinson acknowledg oki execut visit micron deni subject micron buyout serious discuss the subject n't come said micron start eight year ago idaho potato money plot sand sagebrush bois blame loss past two year japanes dump sell good product cost the japanes agre trade accord sign last summer open market refrain chip dump micron chip maker accus japanes violat accord micron 's loss widen In compani 's fiscal second quarter end march 5 micron post loss 10.9 million compar 9.8 million loss year-earli period revenu quarter total 20.1 million 9.4 million year earlier becaus micron 's recent overtur individu close oki say oki execut particularli shock micron last week produc oki invoic recent chip sale hong kong evid dump claim micron use occas call u.s. govern retali japanes produc 's late the japanes respons administr 's good-faith effort solv illeg dump noncompli public blitz denial statement confus weaken resolv mr. parkinson said micron 's steadi loss caus industri analyst conclud compani n't long-term survivor although offici say rebound start product new one-megabyt memori chip it current problem stand stark contrast initi success promis high-tech startup that success led author georg gilder 1984 book the spirit enterpris rhapsod micron show crucial capit industri money machineri mind spirit america crucial domain enterpris remain No 1 brenton R. schlender contribut articl 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
