<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0132 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
We wit startl event u.s. foreign polici past year the reykjavik summit produc appear total repudi america 's basic secur postur propos total abolit ballist missil 1996 the iran-contra affair repudi america 's basic posit deal terrorist govern pay ransom hostag these abrupt foreign-polici shift follow le notic equal abrupt shift econom polici from 1980 1984 u.s. follow deliber polici drive valu dollar interpret 50 rise reflect american strength 1985 u.s. shift gear proceed drive dollar least much order regain american competit To resolv third world debt problem support auster polici sponsor intern monetari fund 1980 1984 switch growth-ori polici 1985 consist necessarili virtu but world 's lead econom militari power shift gear brutal dramat u.s. done area vital alli well adversari result inevit loss america 's abil provid leadership To must add dynam creat presidenti elect 1988 there pure american solut major econom problem the u.s. afford recess would drive deficit 300 billion possibl caus crash valu dollar well stock bond market the result could massiv domest intern bank default world recess polit instabl larg part globe avoid catastroph involv delic combin coordin domest intern effort the u.s. must cut budget deficit new tax reduct expenditur To counteract risk recess must reduc interest rate run easier monetari polici To avoid collaps dollar japan europ stimul growth cut tax interest rate and promot growth third world u.s. japan western europ agre aggress plan debt restructur new capit debtor countri It hard see could happen tradit u.s. presidenti elect year under normal circumst even next presid will embrac agenda probabl would see light day 1990 that may well late In foreign-polici field event similarli crowd u. develop soviet union suggest desir part gener secretari mikhail gorbachev massiv effort modern soviet economi happen west 's cooper for first time sinc world war II possibl arms-control negoti tie econom trade negoti could chang intern dynam soviet union possibl overal relationship u.s. soviet union the volatil stituat middl east requir firm steadi leadership u.s. togeth europ intern secur reason america 's come depend mideastern oil how affect next year 's presidenti elect politician tendenc re-creat last elect gener tendenc fight last war By wisdom domest front democrat presidenti candid refus discu increas tax republican candid duck issu possibl cutback social secur entitl that clearli doom seriou action budget deficit 1990 On intern front neither democrat republican want deal third world debt restructur farm sector energi sector part u.s. economi difficulti As american tie soviet republican outdo hawkish democrat fear perceiv soft commun the presidenti candid 1988 decid whether realist truth u.s. face therebi run risk polit suicid Or make promis possibl keep therefor unabl govern elect one way avoid altern would tri creat consensu among moder republican democrat leader certain aspect agenda next presid thi could done establish bipartisan congression commiss model temporari nation econom commiss set franklin roosevelt 1938 studi countri 's econom problem the commiss could consist say four member congress four businessmen four academician they would evenli split republican democrat would repres ideolog moder wing parti their task would identifi main issu establish next presid 's prioriti even commiss reach consensu solv major econom problem could lay option could influenc campaign debat with respect deficit altern higher incom tax new type consumpt tax would leav great deal room argument would mechan make certain new tax translat new spend when come trade option would probabl includ lower dollar temporari tariff form limit industri polici As interest rate feder reserv commiss could debat monetari polici one would hope come unanim recommend continu paul volcker anoth term with respect entitl altern mean test tax affluent recipi examin and third world debt option could includ govern involv part major restructur program type recommend sen. bill bradley D. n.j. continu rollov togeth version current baker plan while commiss would provid reason framework debat econom altern allow candid present vision america within framework would also provid domest framework within american could debat critic foreign-polici issu 1988 campaign name america 's long-term relationship soviet union In final analysi next presid elect voter belief charact compet If countri wish elect radic right left but countri wish elect moder least let u provid tool job realist program elect bipartisan support govern mr. rohatyn senior partner lazard frere amp co. chairman new york 's municip assist corp 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
