<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0156 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
migrat canada goos alway flown new york suburb greenwich conn. about dozen year ago mani decid becom full-tim resid greenwich water meadow bird-lov gener gourmet bread crumb but plagu goos drop beach town final brought biggest gun yacht-club cannon the boom blank fail budg bird america 's choicest real estat We pass law feed bird 's go arrest someon feed goos say greenwich 's equival mayor first selectman john B. margenot jr. As america 's corpor elit see bird know good thing Of suburb top execut flock sinc world war II none attract mani town 60,000 51-minut train ride midtown manhattan In term number chief execut offic major compani live place come close say thoma J. neff presid execut recruit spencer stuart amp associ greenwich resid the town today claim besid celebr david stockman diana ross current recent chief execut exxon corp. citicorp gener electr co. american express co. pepsico inc. gte corp. union pacif corp. combust engin inc. other greenwich idyl retreat sprawl congest unhappi crime drug neither middletown u.s.a In larg part greenwich minimum lot size four acr the median price single-famili hous sold last year 480,000 the local high school whose princip call headmast rank among nation 's best It period send girl lacross team play england yet 36 greenwich 's high school senior say get drunk high alcohol week On surfac big white neo-coloni hous vast lawn make town look might never chang but greenwich like execut town chang for one thing affluent becom membership singl countri club luxuri now mani resid belong two even three the yacht club near u open summer belong anoth one winter entertain say wife recent retir new york mine execut In vermont summer coupl belong yet anoth club life club chang reflect today 's exercis craze strenuou sport tenni squash gain ground fast say john moreland gener manag greenwich countri club interest gourmet dine rise when club recent schedul 200-a-coupl dinner draw wait list ten year ago would n't gone mr. moreland say greenwich homeown plenti asset paper least cover bill pheasant terrin soar real estat valu seen last year one seven hous sold fetch 1 million one went 11 million A servic station owner say recent sold hous 500,000 build better one simpl clapboard hous ordinari citi lot still found 250,000 more greenwich past bought one second home new england florida caribbean new york citi the person use two hous four say carl W. menk chairman canni bowen inc. execut recruit new york the standard live child seem risen even instead park kid grandma parent take europ mr. neff 's two son travel bahama spring england summer about half student greenwich high access home comput say david quattron headmast girl lacross n't vehicl foreign adventur the school 's idea western civil class trip yearli pilgrimag franc itali greec third class go Of 700 senior 500 park permit accord mr. quattron but add mercedes-benz bmw kid grow unbalanc view world like say stephen brecher partner account firm peat marwick mitchel amp co. new york but like mani parent say qualiti school system key reason move greenwich In fact execut suburb greenwich seem hold covet posit u.s. educ A year ago survey colleg admiss offic high school princip rank high school nation 's top 12 about quarter student qualifi advanc colleg placement least one subject around 200 high school student year take calculu commonli college-level cours mr. quattron say teacher earn much 45,000 year class averag 20 student but quarter town 's student attend privat school At brunswick school boy day school mandatori latin start seventh grade mani student take calculu student concern well but mani suffer fear wo n't abl match parent achiev say norman A. pedersen headmast brunswick the parent n't say word say It 's cultur the pressur perform contribut teenag drink drug-tak greenwich say other point busi parent frequent absenc busi pleasur the parti scene revolv around hous parent absent weekend mr. quattron say whatev caus problem worri greenwich In poll 4,355 youngster three year ago 15 high school senior 4 seventh grader said use marijuana least week moreov 57 senior 12 eighth-grad said drank least week five percent town 's eighth-grad said get drunk high liquor least week one parent recal high school student drunk pass class 10 a.m In thrive volunt program call safe ride teen-ag give ride youngster drunk drive you ca n't overestim problem say rev john W. bishop rector christ episcop church but youngster n't alon problem An alcohol anonym group meet church friday even pack ca n't find park place father bishop say In least one import way pressur adult eas significantli town greenwich As compani move suburb hundr execut put train ride citi behind ten year ago bulk peopl commut went new york say mr. moreland countri club manag now half commut town area life also chang way even among woman 50 marri senior execut quarter hold job father bishop estim and greenwich woman 30 40 marri execut probabl 60 70 job say after peopl ask 750 time think 'now I someth say ceci munkenbeck wife corpor execut start landscap design career late 50 the environment movement thrive If one thing america 's premier corpor bedroom n't want seem busi In recent year sever compani chesebrough-pond 's inc. move headquart greenwich nearbi town To tri hold congest greenwich impos two moratorium offic build past decad one lift restrict tighten My biggest sourc complaint expans offic build mr. margenot first selectman say now greenwich fight propos expans corpor headquart across citi line stamford worker drive offic crowd greenwich street resid say some even propos make street one-way away offic morn toward afternoon In long run anoth chang take place may becom signific one the peopl greenwich becom divers As suburb favor corpor elit mani resid year ago resist sell home jew even today mani countri club jewish member but greenwich 's jewish popul grown 4,000 5,000 tripl figur 20 year ago say rabbi hillel silverman leader jewish congreg He say jew longer encount problem buy home greenwich At greenwich high school minority-group enrol equal divid among black hispan asian student climb 10 student bodi 6.5 1980 mr. quattron say the minor represent total town popul smaller still signific mani descend black servant live modest greenwich frame hous middle-class black move but real estat price rise black white resid come share fear child wo n't live adult kind town knew child nanci C. brown black town offici whose husband 's famili live three gener say son would love live greenwich the son comput graphic artist bought hous nearbi le expens stamford there 's question say peopl real fear squeez mr. ricklef base the wall street journal 's new york bureau nation correspond greenwich A profil distanc wall street 38 mile found 1640 size 50.6 squar mile popul 60,000 median age 39.6 year median household incom 55,000 median cost singl famili hous 480,000 percentag singl famili home sale 1 million 25 commut town daili 18,000 commut town daili 27,000 public educ spend per pupil 4,836 averag public school class size 20 student percentag public school grad go 4-year colleg 69 top teacher salari 45,000 number public school 13 number privat school 9 unemploy rate 1.8 number restaur 75 number countri club 10 number church 41 sourc greenwich public school town greenwich greenwich chamber commerc greenwich board realtor 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
