<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0205 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
jan marasek spent week last fall search perfect date not fill lone hour saturday night fill box actor star neil simon 's broadway bound I hard time say mr. marasek product properti master emanuel azenberg broadway show 's produc they n't want pit n't want coat one balducci 's zabar 's big mouth I final end health-food restaur I 'm alway look date say sigh like mani theatric properti peopl mr. marasek find role often resembl cross maitr 's magician 's year ago say script frequent call actor smoke alway seem eat and edibl prop seldom properti master like they first pleas actor may food allergi dietari restrict when carol chan star 'hello dolli doctor came backstag ask eat rememb mr. marasek In one scene gobbl dumpl made spun sugar could eat easili It turn give cup sugar per perform when physician demand immedi chang mr. marasek work properti man leo herbert produc dumpl made thin paper spray tea shape small light bulb dri At perform miss chan would eat dumpl dispos discreetli wipe mouth sinc almost one would appreci food eight time week properti men devis creativ substitut mr. marasek made egg apricot half surround white bread lightli sprinkl boil water for liver brighton beach memoir use pumpernickel creativ shape pizza cutter also star pot roast broadway bound 'biloxi blue big mess-hal scene kid hate food say neil simon play nation tour when matthew broderick star want almost retch saw the concoct unappet combin appl butter green food color properti master also worri safeti mr. marasek known sew loaf bread togeth prevent cast trip fallen slice eat pose risk actor may swallow line A dri cooki disast say dure tryout broadway bound exampl actor john randolph caught seed throat piec rye bread from seedless loaf purchas anoth danger backstag cook increas risk fire mention horrifi possibl cast fell food poison theater overrun live thing n't bought ticket that 's prop men like keep edibl minimum preserv pure decor food shellac It 's good someth low moistur content say edward gianfrancesco resid design off broadway 's wpa theatr but prop person use chees fruit It great except varnish becam perfect envelop everyth turn total rotten insid real food also expens sinc 1985 broadway open herb gardner 's I 'm not rappaport mr. herbert 's staff bought approxim 84 head lettuc 84 loaf bread 63 pound tunafish salad 42 stick butter 28 jar mayonnais make one sandwich perform those front row see 's tuna say mr. herbert but neither actor tast like tuna hidden half sandwich purpos made butter such groceri cost mount although sponsor sometim eas provid coupon free good exchang program credit arrang n't alway suffic planter 's give u cashew 'broadway bound say mr. marasek the cast go pound show even though 's line one nut script We n't nerv ask planter 's nut use 're 5.99 jar supermarket No one admit eat say determin I 'm investig To fill product 's gastronom need properti master gone everywher orient food shop cater mr. marasek even consult cathol church find host made see would viabl substitut hello dolli dumpl It n't with much time energi money stake properti master prefer artifici food mr. marasek made turkey plastic-tr felt cucumb slice silicon caulk compound liquor almost never real thief discov broke broadway 's ethel barrymor theatr andrew bergman 's social secur play what thought high-qual scotch prove caramel-color water but although artific play major role properti design theater profession strive make fake edibl look real mr. marasek usual inject plastic orang broadway bound water give appropri weight sound import If actress throw supposedli tray frozen fish stick process plant ca n't sound like styrofoam block thi problem confront mr. gianfrancesco design set complet styrofoam fish cover sawdust batter wpa theatr 's recent product israel horovitz 's north shore fish wood reason heavi substitut potenti danger actor for particular scene made batch homosot like dens cardboard explain that tray come proper sequenc hurl get sound there howev one area one seek authent you n't want audienc start smell food cook warn mr. marasek 'll want walk nearest restaur eat ms. graeber new york-bas freelanc writer 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
