<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0044 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
treatment ail heart may soon get better scientist say wo n't get simpler tissu plasminogen activ genentech inc. 's promis clot-dissolv drug may win food drug administr approv month treatment heart attack event befal 1.5 million american year kill 550,000 twice effect convent clot dissolv le intern bleed bruis tpa expect becom biotechnolog 's first billion-dollar product earli 1990 research speak expand use panopli cardiovascular diseas but public may realiz earli excit tpa high dosag drug still pose risk intern bleed heart-attack patient appropri candid further despit tpa 's appar superior convent therapi prolong life statist proof remain elus although complic discuss medic circl popular news articl tpa even genentech appear underplay side effect the compani 's annual report exampl dramat photo patient receiv intraven tpa en rout hospit howev genentech 's top manag disavow earli hope widespread paramed applic one result minim problem drug may disappoint peopl hope see use wide freeli anoth may patient n't take tpa press doctor prescrib the use drug n't idiot-proof eugen braunwald harvard medic school told scientist doctor recent harvard-genentech seminar tpa new orlean tpa go enorm challeng medic profess ad scientist agre expert medic care control must guid tpa 's administr tpa dazzl medic world 1985 nation heart lung blood institut report drug open clog arteri 66 test patient twice mani previous potent clot-dissolv agent streptokinas made u.s. unit hoechst AG west germani kabivitrum AB sweden By tpa given 4,000 patient world-wid clot-dissolv record top 80 but balanc bleed clot complex research recent disclos 1 patient later phase institut 's studi suffer bleed brain high-dos regimen I n't want suggest use infinit high-dos tpa even modest dose extend period without risk bleed said burton sobel washington univers st. loui nor tpa solut heart-attack patient It work better first heart attack later one say eugen passamani clinic research heart institut and use soon attack research new orlean differ whether cutoff four hour six hour later some research say tpa 's use restrict patient anterior myocardi infarct seriou heart attack damag heart 's forewal final bleed risk grow patient 70 becaus heavi demand expect drug analyst distinguish mani peopl get tpa mani peopl get robert kupor analyst cabl hows amp ragen seattl contend 250,000 300,000 get drug but say probabl 500,000 patient actual get due pressur doctor margin case On basi project probabl u.s. sale total 700 million 750 million 1990 royalti foreign licens boost final tpa revenu 850 million genentech calcul elig popul 750,000 year but earli indiscrimin demand tpa may temper patient encount bleed say M. kathleen behren analyst robertson colman amp stephen san francisco doctor brace lawsuit If malpractic experi streptokinas guid doctor su give drug patient bleed withhold how well tpa improv surviv rate heart-attack patient n't clear genentech scientist infer streptokinas clearli save life european studi tpa dissolv clot better streptokinas tpa improv surviv significantli but current statist equivoc dr. passamani heart institut say would take mani thousand test patient prove tpa 's superior meanwhil research test tpa cardiovascular diseas these includ unstabl angina chest pain may preced heart attack pulmonari embol blood clot lung peripher arteri occlus blockag often due leg clot chest pain sometim clot buildup heart affect million american later suffer heart attack herman K. chip gold research harvard massachusett gener hospit studi two dozen angina patient give half tpa half placebo pain persist six 11 placebo patient one 12 tpa patient eleven tpa patient bled three serious dr. gold also serf consult genentech assert angina studi may lead role tpa prevent heart attack pulmonari embol lead heart dysfunct hypertens death but samuel Z. goldhab harvard brigham women 's hospit boston report tpa dissolv lung clot 44 47 patient test without major complic howev note two bled serious enough requir surgeri peripher arteri blockag respond well tpa earli test accord robert graor cleveland clinic dr. graor told new orlean group clot dissolv 61 65 patient although 76 also requir later surgeri angioplasti He belief tpa safer streptokinas despit genentech 's long head start develop market tpa aggress competit team genet institut inc. cambridg mass. wellcom plc london go court june tri block genentech 's UK patent tpa other contend includ swiss-american biogen inc. integr genet inc. eli lilli amp co. chiron corp. just penicillin usher new age antibiot analyst say tpa may eventu head group new clot-dissolv substanc beecham laboratori unit beecham group london develop form streptokinas call apsac An agent call scupa pro-urokinas develop grunenth g.m.b.h germani collabor research inc. work sandoz inc. subsidiari swiss sandoz ltd. victor gurewich st. elizabeth 's hospit boston told new orlean group heart-attack victim may one day take sort synergist cocktail shot tpa scupa chaser 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
