<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0043 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
movi goldcrest film amp televis ltd. biggest name britain 's movi busi could win lot oscar month but win goldcrest goldcrest product compani form 10 year ago pearson plc produc remark hit spectacular flop pearson seen enough We feel film industri n't u say alan whitak director pearson diversifi british conglomer among thing publish penguin book financi time pearson own 41 goldcrest three institut investor hold anoth 18 agre sell goldcrest earl I. mack new york real estat develop invest movi but flurri interest british compani dangl prospect higher offer mr. mack 's complic effort win approv sharehold To surpris board goldcrest like girl danc first guy ask suddenli becom attract say jake ebert start compani pearson left 1983 return rescu 1985 We 're approach time peopl throw money u offer salvat hope despit two huge expens box-offic disast recent year revolut absolut beginn goldcrest attract interest reput librari past hit like gandhi chariot fire after equival 48.2 million write-off past two year compani refocus origin goal make qualiti movi british talent thi year the mission A room view togeth receiv 15 academi award nomin includ best pictur best director nomin film goldcrest 's board promis make best effort conclud deal mr. mack offer buy 85 goldcrest 9.1 million but agreement must approv holder 75 compani meet yet schedul seem far assur A bid alreadi made masterman product expansion-mind product compani own brent walker group plc leisur compani known oper dog track ensign trust plc institut investor masterman claim control 13 goldcrest reason convinc holder anoth 13 would like goldcrest consid bid say philip axford corporate-fin partner jame capel amp co. masterman 's financi advis masterman want buy goldcrest inject new work capit transact valu 18.3 million also interest hemdal hold ltd. british-own product compani financ mostli u.s. movi includ platoon surpris hit also best pictur oscar pearson 's mr. whitak say two britain 's largest entertain compani also express interest granada group plc oper one major region broadcast franchis virgin group plc record music-publish compani co-financ absolut beginn goldcrest mr. ebert canadian citizen former oppenheim amp co. invest banker first approach pearson 1974 back film watership down novel publish pearson 's penguin unit goldcrest offici form three year later reach zenith oscar-win chariot fire 1982 gandhi 1983 In 1984 last year goldcrest disclos result net incom 2.5 million sale around 22.5 million the u.s. mr. ebert note repres 75 market goldcrest 's movi goldcrest decid becom forc TV program even satellit It rais money british institut took first major bank loan In seem rush spend budget approxim 70.6 million absolut beginn revolut the mission the film ran far budget behind schedul the mission last three releas like lose money even win oscar 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
