<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0036 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
brazil 's short-term financ foreign bank could soon cut much 3 billion accord banker u.s. brazil such cut could sever damag brazil 's trade-rel busi make solut countri 's debt crisi much difficult achiev brazil 's central bank governor francisco gro met yesterday miami countri 's main creditor bank tri resolv loom problem money-market deposit trade financ indic concret progress about 10 billion trade credit 5 billion money-market deposit fall due march 31 brazil froze credit late februari shortli suspend interest payment 67 billion longer-term debt foreign bank the countri want ensur lender wo n't withdraw short-term credit essenti smooth run foreign trade but yesterday 's meet banker u.s. brazil predict short-term financ withdrawn sergio de freita vice presid intern affair brazil 's banco itau said expect cut 10 15 billion credit some u.s. banker economist mani brazilian banker believ cutback could reach 20 3 billion follow yesterday 's meet mr. gro said We made comment current brazilian situat 's happen brazil econom polici ask brazil 's major banker react present mr. gro said their reaction one disappoint quit understand No one particularli happi situat He said bank agre work telex messag next coupl day sent brazil 's foreign creditor bank explain current situat need continu support the telex detail mr. gro term recent measur taken stabil brazilian economi but banker attend meet mr. gro said n't realli much new say there 's noth say the banker skeptic econom progress promis mr. gro mr. gro said meet n't schedul creditor bank current visit miami avail talk banker leaf citi tomorrow even brazil also ask creditor bank three-month postpon 9.6 billion payment debt princip due april 16 mr. gro said thi payment alreadi postpon late 1986 but immedi concern short-term credit prior meet mr. gro offici countri 's major creditor bank said particularli concern foreign bank lent money-market deposit brazil these lender n't much stake countri said senior u.s. banker therefor might quickli bring legal action brazil tri prevent withdraw money ani legal action could quickli snowbal complic effort resolv countri 's debt crisi yesterday first time mr. gro met full committe countri 's major creditor bank sinc brazil suspend interest payment 67 billion medium-term long-term debt foreign bank feb. 20 He somewhat conciliatori yesterday stress brazil 's willing start pay interest provid arrang would allow brazil grow servic debt but also critic u.s. bank reserv adequ loan brazil latin american countri and said reapprais whole debt issu need In tens climat major bank say n't readi make withdraw short-term credit deposit bank brazilian multin compani therefor brace ad difficulti import export busi alreadi hamper moratorium debt payment import financ becom increasingli difficult obtain matur sever shorten accord execut such financ import mani brazil 's export reli import materi most analyst believ smaller brazilian compani whose bank relationship weaker particular financ difficulti mr. de freita banco itau said although expect drop short-term credit deposit march 31 date everyth chang the critic point know brazil produc econom polici gener foreign exchang pay interest until 's go war attrit number small event long period 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
