<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0129 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
gone day u.s. could quietli enjoy look east asia foreign-polici trophi case the new japan taiwan south korea thrive econom china shun soviet befriend washington small cost taiwan A year ago washington came philippin mess smell sweet countri 's fresh democraci now howev foreign trade strain polit turmoil south korea philippin grow pain china 's turn back toward communist orthodoxi moscow 's new diplomat effort area suddenli creat state depart offici call new east asia challeng one problem econom growth much region n't accompani polit matur the u.s. challeng help prevent friend grow pain becom geopolit nightmar We 've got prepar look ahead say sen. alan cranston D. calif. chairman subcommitte east asian pacif affair the u.s. must stress leader like south korean presid chun doo hwan long-term stabil ensur democraci forc It must increas quiet diplomat pressur east asian state like taiwan south korea adjust currenc open market risk u.s. protection could caus polit strain We transit phase say richard holbrook formerli top state depart offici current manag director shearson lehman brother inc. the economi region strongest world polit stabil must maintain econom success suffer He say u.s. focu effort area impact help south korea creat democraci assist philippin defend south korea approach u.s. hope first peac transit power februari 1988 seven month summer olymp both govern opposit refus compromis elect reform the u.s. thu far balk press govern hard fear quick shift full democraci could destabil but unless presid chun like creat success scenario leaf leadership militari 's influenc american offici believ long-term stabil philippin ensur econom militari aid the countri need pump prime say J. brian atwood former state depart offici presid nation democrat institut mr. holbrook belief bank move quickli sort philippin debt problem open door foreign invest borrow mr. atwood belief weapon fund militari also necessari If go singl sourc instabl loyalti militari trade tension grow concern If get broad-front trade war could slow everyon chang polit climat dramat state depart offici say u.s. protectionist move asian countri could slow econom growth breed anti-american region A senior offici say u.s. need stress wo n't accept margin appreci south korean taiwanes currenc dollar time japanes yen appreci quickli though japanes product becom expens u.s. n't correspond narrow u.s. trade deficit mani case south korea taiwan product n't price disadvantag taken place the communist power asia also present challeng washington must lower expect china beij becom wari western way u.s. offici believ china could assum neutral posit two superpow particularli beij 's rise star vice premier Li peng soviet-train engin favor strong econom central plan take premier mani expect moscow n't score huge diplomat success seek beij u.s. offici worri mikhail gorbachev 's procliv unexpect diplomat action In mr. gorbachev face creativ chess master say mr. atwood He will move new area take risk creativ keep u balanc 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
