<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0122 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
most american feel presid reagan increasingli le relev govern countri new wall street journal/nbc new poll indic the nationwid survey conduct sunday tuesday suggest mr. reagan 's recent effort reinvigor presid n't convinc peopl regain stand strong nation leader rather mani seem regard uninvolv decis make unlik chang when 2,153 adult poll ask choos thought exert influenc polici decis made white hous next two year mr. reagan finish third behind new white hous chief staff howard baker member cabinet onli 27 thought mr. reagan would influenc white hous moreov peopl n't believ mr. reagan capabl chang manag style meet critic tower commiss 's devast report iran-contra affair fulli 56 said presid set way chang 40 said alter manag style that find follow mr. reagan 's effort sinc report issu show take command effort includ replac former chief staff donald regan mr. baker nation televis speech appoint fbi director william webster director central intellig despit step though 54 poll said mr. reagan n't pay enough attent major polici issu involv administr 46 januari the poll n't bad news presid fifty-two percent poll say look mr. reagan leadership direct countri go and 65 believ healthi vigor enough effect presid next two year 60 journal/nbc poll januari but three-quart poll think presid n't strong leader first term major 54 say perform presid fair poor In januari 50 gave unfavor mark As januari poll american still believ 2-to-1 margin mr. reagan n't fulli charg administr ought the public even le convinc solv problem creat sale arm iran 46 say ye 49 say In januari 50 said ye 42 said howev 52 n't think resign even turn knew divers fund contra 41 say there 's littl good news presid polici matter accord poll hi polici aid nicaraguan contra remain unpopular 58 disapprov 29 approv and say want budget compromis congress reduc feder budget deficit even result tax increas mr. reagan adamantli oppos the poll found 53 favor compromis even includ tax increas 40 n't favor compromis mr. reagan 's problem seem spill republican parti those poll almost evenli divid parti best handl nation 's econom problem relat soviet union januari poll gave gop strong edg area republican also lost ground hold margin advantag public 's rate parti would better handl inflat feder budget deficit In foreign affair poll show soviet leader mikhail gorbachev 's public-rel effort seem impact american well russian while poll still n't believ soviet trust live agreement relax tension gap narrow fifty-nin percent say soviet ca n't trust 32 say similar journal/nbc poll last octob margin 74 16 nearli half say arriv howard baker new chief staff make agreement control nuclear arm like next two year 18 think make agreement le like 12 think wo n't effect but still n't burst public optim accord actual attain end mr. reagan 's term more three time mani peopl think accord n't like believ like ratio unchang last octob 's survey 'dure next two year think influenc polici decis made white hous white hous chief staff howard baker 31 cabinet member 29 presid reagan 27 nanci reagan 6 not sure 7 'a may know tower commiss report iran-contra affair critic presid reagan 's manag practic within white hous Do think mr. reagan chang manag style think set way chang will chang manag style 40 too set way 56 not sure 4 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
