<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0071 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
In attempt buttress flag credibl comput industri american telephon amp telegraph co. plan big news confer next tuesday showcas new product latest top comput execut vittorio cassoni separ jame E. edward AT amp T senior vice presid preced mr. cassoni head comput divis said leav compani effect monday accord manag comput data system divis AT amp T announc new product includ addit 3B minicomput line softwar product connect machin intern busi machin corp. laser printer latest version unix V oper system softwar local area network product none product technolog signific mainli catch competitor AT amp T manag consult said the announc made AT amp T headquart three separ meet consult report industri analyst meant show mr. cassoni AT amp T still seriou sell comput the intent AT amp T sourc say reassur custom unsettl event past six month convinc custom still 'on fenc AT amp T right choic AT amp T 's credibl comput plummet reshuffl manag post pre-tax 1986 oper loss 1.2 billion divis appear de-emphas comput favor long-dist phone servic product sale dismal recent accord AT amp T sourc compani januari sold mere 2,000 PC 6300 6300 plu person comput success machin busi plan 120,000 year last year sourc say compani took 100 million write-off two step unix PC stop order machin result layoff salari cut maker converg technolog inc. san jose calif. sever data system execut quit recent john walsh vice presid charg 3B minicomput line surpris colleagu januari left join small west coast videoconferenc concern and yesterday mr. edward said leav becom presid chief execut offic telwatch inc. boulder col. develop system manag network I 've escap said mr. edward telwatch work last 30 35 day see could tempt leav big mama I 've alway ambit run compani though mr. cassoni tough job ahead tri hard reestablish AT amp T 's credibl He attend import person comput industri confer phoenix ariz. last month first year AT amp T gone particular confer vittorio seem lot interest industri past AT amp T comput execut said john sculley chairman appl comput inc. mr. edward cite number reason AT amp T 's troubl comput also said thought mr. cassoni 's job made easier come ing C. olivetti amp co. itali agre make develop AT amp T person comput workstat He said support decis made last octob replac mr. cassoni In mr. cassoni n't bring anoth outsid you listen strateg partner mr. edward said sinc mr. cassoni arriv observ strateg relationship olivetti work better said AT amp T previous disput olivetti transfer price market strategi industri consult said mr. cassoni 's approach thu far rank product term profit cut n't money maker He either go make profit go get busi I figur two year said david taylor program director gartner group left AT amp T 's comput divis last april but product manag also grumbl direct mr. cassoni 's boss whose experi AT amp T 's regul long-dist busi expens restrict much ca n't adequ serv custom accord product manag allow 3,000 year travel entertain On budget product manag say ca n't determin custom need let alon sell anyth An AT amp T spokesman would n't comment specif said compani would spend necessari sell product If realli restrict go lot time spent phone said mr. taylor they wo n't abl hold peopl get product In addit mr. cassoni plagu problem hurt mr. edward He n't sale forc sell comput reli sale forc also sell long distanc servic modem multiplex telephon offic switchboard one sourc said mr. cassoni 's bo sam R. willcoxon presid busi market group refus give sale forc unless compani chang mind sourc said go hard time success anyth except long distanc 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
