<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0144 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
onli one woman head fortun 500 compani today and katharin graham washington post co. inherit job father husband held soon howev fortun 500 director may turn woman tap new chief execut offic It 's inevit say rand corp. economist jame P. smith larg number woman middle-manag pipelin 10 year 'll see far one ceo rank execut woman rise choos untradit rout top instead climb singl corpor ladder rung rung woman zigzag way higher move compani compani industri industri privat sector public servic back other depart usual big busi manag rout nurtur acquir compani and woman develop much expertis new technology-link field ca n't overlook here five woman expert say stand better-than-even chanc becom fortun 500 chief execut 1997 deborah coleman vice presid oper appl comput inc her dream run factori combin best manufactur technolog best people-manag when join appl comput inc. 1981 control macintosh divis struck pact compani founder steven job let run new macintosh plant built best financ team industri today 34-year-old deborah A. coleman known throughout silicon valley high-technolog manufactur wizard At appl 's fremont calif. macintosh plant sever predecessor fire end product havoc six month elimin computer-driven equip n't peopl friendli slash inventori boost product A lot I common sens say ms. coleman routin pull everyon plant togeth set monthli goal put foster share vision As result assembl line worker agre work 12-hour shift time meet certain product schedul labor rate reduc le 30 minut macintosh promot vice presid manufactur 1985 ms. coleman promptli reduc appl 's inventori 37 introduc new deliveri schedul cut number vendor compani us one-third le 300 current charg appl 's plant ireland singapor california singl ms. coleman hold m.b.a. stanford univers hope work job within two year she predict appl grow compani reorgan separ busi unit I would n't mind run one major busi karen horn chairman ceo-elect banc one cleveland unit she move privat sector public servic back jump sever manag rung time the leap karen horn make next month presid feder reserv bank cleveland chairman chief execut offic banc one corp. 's cleveland unit 1.4 billion asset make highest-rank woman u.s. bank the 43-year-old mrs. horn known consumm strategist crisi manag At fed help resolv ohio 's thrift crisi 1985 failur home state save bank trigger panic prompt close dozen privat insur thrift she quickli scatter regul across state identifi troubl thrift recogn ohio 's insur pool would n't even cover home state 's loss also institut plan monitor deposit withdraw institut insur fund forestal failur but abil lead other help mrs. horn strengthen banc one make attract potenti candid head non-bank concern she presenc drive best peopl say linda page ohio 's bank commission she 'll look engag way say 'tell you see mind churn thought alway make feel 're help resolv problem mrs. horn say devot much time possibl husband 21 year 4-year-old son but reject label superwoman I n't met one yet say I lot thing home busi I lot peopl help kay koplovitz presid ceo usa network she start career televis produc milwauke soon conclud best way get top woman start top busi If I 'd stay milwauke I never would made station manag kay koplovitz found usa network 1980 shape becom No 1 cabl network term viewership first use on-air advertis today network provid around-the-clock program 33 million household 8,500 system and revenu last year 80 million usa network jointli own time inc. gulf amp western inc. 's paramount pictur corp. unit mca inc. continu grow 20 30 annual what set usa network apart divers program ms. koplovitz 41 first negoti nation cabl right major-leagu sport she also launch award-win child 's program seri well adult drama movi instead simpli carv one littl nich like lot cabl compani 's taken mix distinguish program say mel harri presid paramount 's televis group member usa network 's execut committe she could handl fortun 500 board marri attorney william koplovitz jr. say I want presid cb I start televis but job may challeng We 're upstart tri chip broadcast guy territori colomb nichola presid christian dior america she familiar u.s. french name dior chang dior 's imag matronli youth her strategi boast advertis campaign featur escapad raffish menag troi while compani license first nervou ad risqu campaign hook consum under colomb nichola 's direct revenu christian dior america doubl past six year 315 million 1986 the number license make dior product jump 45 befor take dior 's american arm 41-year-old ms. nichola spent 10 year new york retail maci 's bloomingdal 's bonwit teller vice presid merchandis but belief intern background fluenci french gave edg sever contend dior job the eldest daughter ohio-businessman father french mother ms. nichola spent part childhood switzerland At father 's insist also acquir law degre I hate law school I thank father everi day say I learn think analyt marri art collector leonard rosenberg ms. nichola describ goal-focus risk taker n't workahol say she rare get offic 9:30 a.m. say when I meet someon tell 've sinc 5 jog 10 mile gotten five kid school I ask 'where 's coffe sinc n't like christian dior america spun go public ms. nichola would move anoth compani becom fortun 500 ceo A multin market concern would like move execut recruit say she n't rule possibl say also consid switch polit We need woman govern say busi background could relev linda wachner presid warnaco inc. she call first woman succeed takeov game strategi figur swiftest rout top determin head larg compani linda wachner last year spearhead leverag buyout warnaco inc. bridgeport conn.-bas apparel manufactur hathaway shirt pringl sweater score well-known brand her goal make warnaco foremost apparel conglomer world doubl last year 's sale 575 million five year By 41-year-old execut predict compani fortun 500 size could go public ms. wachner 's market turnaround expertis serv well As vice presid warnaco 's warner bra unit 12 year ago revolution busi develop wireless bra display customari box simpli hanger later presid beatric cos. max factor cosmet busi nurs falter unit back health launch Le jardin factor 's first success new perfum year At warnaco put 14-hour day ms. wachner instal new manag design cut overhead consolid divis she shop least one depart store day see competit sell often drag warnaco execut when n't visit warnaco plant pari fashion show ms. wachner widow shuttl apart lo angel new york she n't mind call tough driven subordin say long mean driven reason To make top say 've got want heart ms. hymowitz deputi chief the wall street journal 's pittsburgh bureau revis wsj march 23 1987 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
