<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0189 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
twist televis dial pick one blizzard glossi busi magazin 's corpor chieftain stare back sometim seem top execut get much air time ink day rock star but fame endur which leader corpor america live memori like beatl elvi which vanish like mobi grape mariann faithful busi histori stud figur endur fame henri ford turn automobil empir john D. rockefel creat first oil trust alfr sloan shape idea modern corpor andrew carnegi made fortun steel devot life philanthropi villain n't short suppli either railway magnat jay gould caus black friday panic specul gold but tri identifi henri ford alfr sloan jay gould 1980 n't easi In search answer made unscientif impressionist survey ask manag professor busi historian financi journalist manag consult chief execut rememb what chief execut think mba class 2037 studi who futur manag admir emul Or excori what emerg list men eye observ impact beyond corpor industri the list short while observ find mani chief execut praiseworthi predict rememb here contemporari execut busi observ believ still talk 21st centuri roll around the leader walter wriston consist nomine He belong anybodi 's list say thoma horton presid american manag associ nonprofit group A champion deregul mr. wriston rememb role move staid bank industri complex financi servic survey predict At citicorp mr. wriston chairman august 1984 move bank hold compani concentr corpor lend consum bank the choic mr. wriston reflect observ feel rememb one chang compani He chang bank system anyon els say mr. horton mr. wriston also first choic role busi statesman He 's extraordinarili liter persuas forc say john jeuck professor busi histori univers chicago 's busi school clearli 's one hand industri statesman gener chrysler corp. chairman lee iacocca often mention mix reason some think rememb role get govern loan guarante help bail chrysler He turn around compani head exist tend take stronger posit appropri role govern help industri say david lewin professor columbia univers 's busi school other think mr. iacocca rememb person role popular busi He turn faceless ceo cult figur say manag consult thoma J. peter co-author book In search excel but mr. iacocca may rememb le social polit forc surround mani say the real book iacocca n't written yet say paul tiffani busi historian univers pennsylvania 's wharton school what save chrysler thing call quota edward bowman professor manag wharton say iacocca could professor 's textbook 50 year exampl government-busi involv mayb footnot To mani era entrepreneur they believ peopl rememb like henri ford montgomeri ward harvey fireston built compani scratch frederick smith feder express corp. popular choic He repres epitom entrepreneurship say jim farley senior chairman consult firm booz allen amp hamilton inc. histori rememb feder express guy idea made work impos odd He creat new form distribut the import new industri underscor import indvidu say jame brian quinn professor manag amo tuck school dartmouth colleg when stand year 2000 look back three decad technolog stand biotechnolog bob swanson singl promin name ceo busi mr. quinn say robert swanson genentech inc. 's founder chief execut turn genentech major drug maker product genet engin insulin experiment drug interferon comput chang world mani feel even best known comput entrepreneur steven P. job former chairman appl comput inc. forgotten job wo n't rememb say edward bowman wharton He 's flash pan other think mr. job rememb symbol new execut type steve job wo n't forgotten say harold J. leavitt professor organiz behavior stanford univers author corpor pathfind He 's child 's crusad young man contemporari valu young attitud He 's kind cult leader some say real guid light n't known yet We wait second sloan wo n't appear industri compani maintain j.p. donlon editor chief execut magazin He appear servic industri the dismantl mani contend 1980 known merger acquisit corpor raider saul steinberg carl icahn T. boon picken rememb these peopl one recal 40 50 year robber baron old say mr. tiffani busi historian mr. jeuck univers chicago compar rash merger acquisit 1980 turmoil late 19th centuri american busi revers At end 19th centuri whole epidem trust-build pyramid trust hold compani whole rockefeller-jay gould era consolid american industri say thi differ direct It 's disintegr process rogu In busi elsewher 's one way acquir last reput I pick delorean entrepreneur lot flair say stanford 's mr. leavitt He note john Z. delorean 's bid endur fame got unwant boost be arrest help anyth get peopl medium help mr. delorean whose automobil compani went receivership 1982 acquit cocain smuggl charg later acquit charg divert compani fund use mani agre brush law win place histori So wharton 's Mr bowman candid last fame ivan boeski He belief mr. boeski 's agreement pay 100 million settlement insid trade charg surviv memori less-sulli reput other fade theodor levitt editor harvard busi review say the thing rememb thing rascal notorieti becom metaphor symbol predict age one day call boeski era outsid our survey specifi chief execut american corpor but expert said would n't play unless chang rule To busi leader american like rememb japanes what produc u.s. ask david lewin professor busi columbia 's busi school He nomin akio morita chairman chief execut soni corp. five manufactur plant u. In new multin environ say mr. lewin top busi leader top busi leader wherev find these pace-set compani We learn lesson abroad mr. quinn amo tuck say the guy deserv world mention clearli recogn countri world konosuk matsushita found matsushita electr industri co. He add when hear japanes mangement style refer often model matsushita nobodi I 'll damn I come anybodi say john gallagh senior lectur busi polici univers chicago 's busi school It 's n't tri mr. gallagh question two class student total 110 peopl circul question inform three four meet board sit everyon say 'duh report the key say anonym corpor work the peopl rememb founder peopl name door today corpor bureaucrat say even entrepreneur surround crowd ventur capitalist invest banker regul sinc thoma watson jr. ibm run sea faceless peopl say I could n't give name current presid xerox ibm life depend steven job hardli known much le 50 year will roger smith famou 50 year hell manag expert peter drucker agre chief execut rare rememb rare worth rememb they servant ms. bennett report manag the wall street journal 's new york bureau hero ceo the wall street journal survey execut style ask ceo name busi hero those name often number vote 1 lee iacocca 50 2 thoma watson sr. 39 3 henri ford 34 4 alfr sloan 31 5 H. ross perot 24 6 walter wriston 16 7 thoma edison 11 8 andrew carnegi 10 j.p. morgan 10 10 david packard 9 11 peter drucker 8 reginald jone 8 13 paul volcker 6 14 My father 5 john D. rockefel 5 charl wilson 5 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
