<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0099 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
financi regul close sever thrift bank weekend includ texa save loan associ 1.4 billion asset vernon save amp loan associ vernon texa close nearli asset deposit transfer newli charter institut run feder regul the texa S amp L commission close vernon find thrift insolv substanti dissip asset unsaf unsound practic vernon state-chart institut nine offic texa one offic oklahoma the new institut name headquart dalla begin oper today manag appoint feder home loan bank board took fail thrift the bank board said 96 1.3 billion vernon 's loan 60 day delinqu the bank board said vernon dissip asset pay excess compens dividend major offic sharehold purchas beach hous five airplan use execut In past five year vernon 's asset increas tenfold bank board said the associ 's growth fuel solicit high-cost broker deposit so-cal jumbo certif deposit most proce associ 's deposit solicit campaign use fund larg specul acquisit develop construct loan bank board said releas separ bank board close first feder maryland hagerstown insolv It asset 115 million the thrift 's four offic reopen today branch columbia first feder save amp loan associ washington d.c. took insur deposit first southern save associ jackson counti pascagoula miss. also close weekend insolv first southern state-chart stock associ 50 million asset three offic first southern 's insur deposit account transfer magnolia feder bank save hattiesburg miss the feder save loan insur corp. provid fund assist acquisit bayou feder save amp loan associ new orlean first feder save amp loan associ also new orlean acquir bayou feder 26 million asset It seventh fslic-assist transact year morocco state bank morocco ind. close state regul reopen saturday branch demott state bank demott ind. feder deposit insur corp. said morocco asset 15 million deposit 14 million On friday state bank author also close madil bank amp trust co. madil okla. it two offic reopen today branch first american nation bank tishomingo okla. madil total asset 37 million close friday state bank author first american assum deposit 37 million 7,200 account new citi bank orang calif. close friday state bank author it offic reopen today branch coloni bank newli charter nation bank also orang new citi asset 21 million the latest closur bring number bank fail year 50 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
