<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0028 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
hous way mean chairman dan rostenkowski lean toward propos boost feder gasolin tax stock-transact tax part effort narrow feder deficit the illinoi democrat focus levi search major revenu raiser reach goal set hous speaker jim wright D. texa find 18 billion new revenu everi one-c rise gasolin tax would rais 900 million 1 billion year At time rep. rostenkowski said reject speaker 's propos tax stock transact In speech weekend said bunch question tax ad n't expect answer time way mean committe act rais revenu rep. rostenkowski 's willing make choic tax-writ committe accept add possibl hous enact tax increas kind fiscal year begin oct. 1 speaker wright said push build consensu among hous democrat rais tax 18 billion year leav specif accomplish rep. rostenkowski way mean committe the tax boost would part 36 billion deficit-reduct packag hous democrat leadership seek come fiscal year An addit 18 billion would come spend cut presid reagan vow veto tax increas congress send but rep. wright said yesterday cb 's face nation presid fact propos tax budget label user fee rep. wright acknowledg democrat sensit critic sure face tax rais Of cours nobodi like accus tax spend 's honest borrow spend rep. wright said the way mean chairman zero gasolin tax almost default He commit chang tax rate pass last year 's sweep tax bill despit rep. wright 's propos freez top individu tax rate 38.5 rather allow fall 28 next year schedul and rep. rostenkowski wo n't advoc increas social secur unemploy tax while way mean chairman suggest revenu could rais increas excis tax cigarett beer distil spirit boost sin tax alon wo n't rais amount revenu democrat leader seek rep. rostenkowski also attract idea rais gasolin tax action would n't sole revenue-driven exercis rais ga tax could justifi mean strengthen domest oil industri reduc u.s. depend foreign oil but passag higher tax gasolin wo n't easi lawmak rural southwestern state like fight effort and last week chief senat tax writer senat financ committe chairman lloyd bentsen D texa said n't readi endors gasolinetax boost In reject stock-transf tax rep. rostenkowski told futur industri associ boca raton fla. saturday the fact mani peopl n't like 's happen financi market n't mean 're go hit new tax rep. rostenkowski rais sever concern rep. wright 's recent propos impos transfer tax perhap 0.5 buyer seller publicli trade stock He said congress consid whether tax would destroy liquid market discourag transact profit per unit small would total eclips tax He ad anoth concern whether tax would weaken intern competit sinc financi instrument import part intern trade He also voic worri market might move offshor avoid tax befor transfer tax serious consid way mean chairman said sever issu must resolv includ whether peopl take loss would tax gain market would affect whether option would includ onc new idea like transact tax rais often becom focu discuss go year action taken rep. rostenkowski conclud refer idea extend expand tax credit research develop rep. rostenkowski said the tax writer see urgenc put fact would cost billion some lawmak suggest extend enlarg credit part push restor u.s. competit despit search addit revenu meet budget-deficit target rep. rostenkowski said strongli oppos value-ad tax A value-ad tax kind nation sale tax impos level chain distribut the way mean committe n't energi appetit endors radic new tax like vat ad 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
