<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0091 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
A campaign dixon group plc acquir cyclop corp. stall british concern face challeng secur exchang commiss reopen tender offer pittsburgh-bas compani london-bas dixon electr applianc retail claim victori group compet bidder snare 54 cyclop 's 4.3 million share outstand 384 million 90.25-a-shar tender offer expir wednesday but dixon disclos object sec agre friday reopen offer 12:01 a.m. wednesday the extens enabl cyclop holder alreadi tender share recal tender compet group bidder led audio/video affili inc. dayton ohio-bas consum electron retail sec object revolv around dixon 's last-minut decis waiv condit 80 share outstand tender dixon said the british concern drop requir wednesday tender offer attract modest major cyclop share offici cyclop specialti steel maker consum applianc electron retail morgan stanley amp co. advis dixon transact declin comment dixon said prepar statement agre extens order settl disput expedit complet offer although compani agre sec 's posit meanwhil bid stake cyclop heat audio/video group rais tender offer friday 92.50 share among thing group condit offer receipt confidenti financi data cyclop manag provid dixon In agre last month acquir dixon cyclop rebuf earlier bid 80 share audio/video group also includ citicorp capit investor ltd. citicorp unit It 's like tri play poker deck mark card stuart rose audio/video chairman chief execut offic said group 's inabl far look cyclop 's intern financi record I ca n't understand downsid cyclop show u said mr. rose ad sever cyclop holder audio/video complain sec dixon 's waiver 80 tender requir reopen dixon 's tender offer effect postpon british retail 's effort take control cyclop shortli tender expir wednesday dixon began move pay tender holder took charg cyclop 's board place three dixon execut board accept resign seven cyclop director also friday lawsuit file audio/video feder judg dayton ohio deni compani 's request order forc cyclop provid audio/video inform provid dixon judg walter H. rice also deni motion temporari restrain order would enabl cyclop holder recal share previous tender dixon audio/video 's mr. rose said latter request moot follow dixon extens tender dixon term lawsuit frivol said seek dismiss action audio/video 's revis bid announc stock market close friday In new york stock exchang composit trade friday cyclop share rose 1.50 90.50 the lure cyclop suitor silo inc. retail divis oper nationwid chain applianc consum electron store dixon plan retain silo sell cyclop 's steel nonresidenti construct busi separ halcyon invest new york secur partnership said bought 7.1 stake cyclop 's share outstand invest purpos In sec file partnership said hold 288,000 cyclop share purchas feb. 6 march 13 84.189 93.262 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
