<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0003 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
abraham sofaer state depart 's legal advis former feder judg n't use receiv end harsh verdict but recent senat call work absurd illog distort mr. sofaer author controversi reinterpret 1972 antiballist missil treati would permit wider test presid reagan 's star war defens system mani arm control expert claim read polit motiv would gut treati contradict 15 year establish practic u.s.-soviet pact the aggress mr. sofaer strong influenc mani foreign polici issu may upset delic balanc dual role secretari state 's lawyer senior u.s. offici charg make sure foreign polici conform intern law too often perceiv front parad rather keep eye process I think 's smart I also feel 's appli talent direct necessarili consist state depart say sen. carl levin member arm servic committe I n't view state depart 's posit undermin treati add michigan democrat last week mr. sofaer 48 year old anger even support tri deflect congression critic interpret antiballist missil treati blame young staff lawyer careless research the remark anger white hous fear mr. sofaer may undercut interpret prompt protest staff member yellow sticker say I young lawyer arm control one issu feisti 5-foot-4-inch legal advis embroil justic depart offici claim soft israel head task forc investig jonathan pollard u.s. analyst convict spi israel and intern lawyer complain shaki ground push hard-lin view u.s. legal right kidnap suspect terrorist use forc state harbor some expert fear result may u.s. forefront develop intern law seen nation bend statut suit nation secur goal they cite incid last year 's naval maneuv near gulf sidra thinli disguis attempt use intern law concern freedom navig excus provok libya attack u.s. ship He advoc legal conscienc countri say richard bilder professor law univers wisconsin former attorney legal advis 's offic part job reflect point view intern law integr long-term interest countri best serv polici respect intern law there u believ done much 'd like see area mr. sofaer declin interview articl delic diplomat two word n't usual associ mr. sofaer He 's bright fellow experi intern law seem leap radic conclus base look like superfici research say alfr rubin professor intern law tuft univers 's fletcher school law diplomaci unlik cautiou predecessor dispens behind-the-scen legal advic depart 's bureaucraci abe sofaer 's ingenu boundless energi made high-profil foreign polici player given direct access secretari state georg shultz late one even octob 1985 instanc mr. sofaer finish controversi reinterpret u.s.-soviet arm control agreement due next day learn u.s. forc egyptian aircraft carri terrorist kill american immedi conven legal task forc studi extradit procedur work night shuttl project keep staff awak order endless round pizza sing operat aria rich bariton voic He produc novel theori use piraci law go terrorist He novel idea concern kidnap suspect terrorist instanc said you might find fellow somewher tie He might sent countri effect extradit treati would n't illeg kidnap ask We 're talk inform civil arrang friend repli smile A senior administr offici say mr. sofaer 's view part color earli month job close question conserv appoint bench new york presid carter follow distinguish career law professor columbia univers He member slim minor within minor jew rais bombay india parent iraqi origin the senior offici mani deal mr. sofaer say convers former judg go way support aim administr pepper convers refer support presid nevertheless broad agreement mr. sofaer brought new promin tini legal advis 's offic for exampl bureau known L depart 's bureaucrat parlanc put charg secretari shultz set task forc provid inform variou agenc committe investig iran-contra scandal It 's first I rememb u head anyth say michael kozak 16-year veteran four day mr. sofaer appoint offic june 1985 plung work hijack seiz tran world airlin jet middl east kill american passeng He quickli saw way satisfi terrorist demand certain shiit prison israel releas sever year earlier u.s. state prison held illeg freed mr. sofaer reason administr restat posit He took idea directli mr. shultz agre there sens energi compet bureau add elliott abram assist secretari state inter-american affair peopl much want legal advis 's view care think justic depart offici howev critic mr. sofaer 's handl pollard spi case after led joint state-justic investig team israel decemb 1985 said jerusalem fulli cooper fact isra withheld inform team william webster director feder bureau investig recent select presid reagan take director central intellig agenc said israel provid select cooper mr. sofaer 's support say justic offici n't accustom delic diplomaci need deal sovereign state they assert mr. sofaer 's method produc le cooper israel 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
