<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0167 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
the reagan administr head anoth confront latin american debtor year-old effort overhaul inter-american develop bank when member 44-countri lend organ gather miami weekend annual meet u.s. seek chang effect would give washington power veto propos iadb loan member countri washington argu organ 's largest donor say latin countri oppos idea polit intoler while neither side expect resolv disput abl air view express time privat occasion push negoti seriou phase there quit bit stake 27-year-old develop bank the reagan administr promis organ 's member agre chang washington propos u.s. help financ major expans lend resourc 20 billion next four year enough make institut seriou player effort resolv global debt problem If member n't go along washington contribut enough support 11 billion new lend period u.s. polici maker complain bank often grant loan polit reason rather econom merit they also contend bank 's larg latin staff n't tough enough compel borrow countri correct defici econom polici for bank assum larger role resolv debt problem u.s. critic say becom like world bank intern monetari fund usual insist borrow countri take specif step overhaul economi grant new loan accord u.s. offici iadb 's inadequaci stem one basic flaw bank 's charter borrow countri control distribut fund unlik intern lend organ weight vote system give contribut countri clear major inter-american develop bank assign 54 vote power latin countri the u.s. anoth 34.5 rest split among 15 donor countri As current take least 50 vote halt iadb loan latin countri guarante approv simpli vote bloc washington want chang bank 's rule loan could turn 35 vote that way u.s. join industri countri could veto loan find objection iadb staffer disput critic organ lax contend washington n't tri forc countri follow u.s. 's econom model there mani way develop one 's use u.s. say one offici washington-bas organ still u.s. latin american negoti made substanti progress toward resolv differ the latin american agre past sever month spate u.s. demand earmark 25 bank 's loan help countri restructur economi rather specif project dam road channel larger share total four big debtor argentina brazil mexico venezuela tie project loan long-rang econom restructur program develop new procedur coordin bank 's loan world bank but disput veto power prove thorni latin govern loath give histor prerog will reduc veto threshhold 40 vote say would cost much polit acced full u.s. demand most pressur home aggress stand u.s. econom financi issu brazil 's recent move suspend interest payment commerci bank loan reviv region pressur defi creditor moreov donor govern n't support washington 's veto demand onli canada offer even lukewarm back follow lower-level negoti tonight tomorrow morn treasuri secretari jame baker schedul address bank 's annual meet begin formal monday treasuri offici say mr. baker like reiter u.s. posit both side run time resolv disput the bank exhaust current four-year oper budget need fund u.s. negoti say reagan administr decid within week much washington actual plan contribut organ 's support We 're brinksmanship u.s. negoti say 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
