<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0093 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
A seri lawsuit former duff amp phelp inc. employe made credit rate firm subject local tabloid scandal the lawsuit file feder district court chicago worker left employee-own firm share acquir buyout the suit assert duff amp phelp violat variou secur law handl buyout paid 2,000 share the suit ask depart employe sell share far lower price left firm compens differ the suit news chicago feder appeal court week order juri trial one suit lower court dismiss the appel court opinion circuit judg frank H. easterbrook recount embarrass tale duff amp phelp 's former control carol franchik abl swing differ arrang left compani accord court opinion ms. franchik fire compani 's board told involv affair clair hansen duff amp phelp 's chairman when ms. franchik threaten sex-discrimin suit fire board agre make except exist compani polici depart employe must sell share back compani said plaintiff 's attorney jame S. gordon cite deposit board member ms. franchik kept 300 share later sold full buyout price 2,000 apiec total 600,000 the former employe su sold share le 150 mr. gordon attorney plaintiff paul much assert open argument ms. franchik access insid inform alleg affair mr. hansen In testimoni ms. franchik acknowledg person relationship former bo mr. hansen testifi told director n't affair mr. hansen declin comment suit ms. franchik could n't reach the suit drawn consider attent chicago busi commun ms. franchik appear front page local newspap wear fur coat turn collar exit courtroom the public could build appel court 's decis the appeal court sent suit jame S. jordan former duff amp phelp analyst back lower court trial say sharehold privat compani mr. jordan privi inform ms. franchik appar the lower court said grant summari judgment employ duti inform jordan buyout talk there court decis employe suit accord appel court opinion mr. jordan quit chicago-bas compani novemb 1983 went houston tension wife mother also live chicago our posit mr. jordan would 've never left told negoti chanc could 've made 600,000 instead 23,000 said thoma ward lawyer when mr. jordan left duff amp phelp own 188 share make instal payment anoth 62 the appeal court appar agre mr. ward mr. jordan difficulti mother-in-law strain famili bear strain greater prospect financi gain wrote judg easterbrook 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
