<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0139 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
In corner prof. shinichi uchida 's laboratori univers tokyo across bottl liquid nitrogen stand bunk bed until recent littl use then feb. 15 univers houston press confer announc latest breakthrough scienc superconduct develop potenti enorm commerci applic the lab bunk seldom empti sinc for three week prof. uchida 's 12-research team work around clock seven day week duplic houston result sleep shift cook meal tini kitchenett latest batch experiment ceram pellet bake lab 's kiln In lab compani board room offic power ministri trade industri miti houston breakthrough galvan japan scientist industrialist govern offici respond frantic convinc must walk away commerci applic when come time make someth predict prof. shoji tanaka prof. uchida 's bo japanes upper hand In u.s. contrast reaction measur lab busi n't nation coordin drive commerci leader superconduct research caution much scienc remain done first you must keep mind scientif scene chang rapidli decid specif applic basi known today would mistak say john armstrong director research divis intern busi machin corp It would also wrong think turn race east west here tokyo howev race alreadi show competit drive speed japan seiz western scienc new materi conduct electr warmer temperatur almost loss power open fantast world futur industri say masatoshi urashima miti offici becaus previou superconductor oper extrem low expensive-to-maintain temperatur new materi make econom creation tini superfast comput magnet float train long-dist power line n't wast electr even applianc use almost power the discoveri mesh technolog japan refin year japan train use superconduct almost readi commerci use It travel 250 mile hour hover five inch track magnet cushion creat superconduct coil japan 's shipbuild meanwhil spent 23 million build fast ship propel superconduct magnet nec corp. other alreadi produc prototyp superconduct comput chip west gave tri four year ago such giant electron concern hitachi ltd. suppli west million dollar superconduct equip and japan 's lead role industri ceram help develop ceram superconductor A lot revolutionari thing go come lot go come japan say david L. keller technolog analyst jame capel amp co. british secur firm the japanes dramat lead rest world the japanes govern alreadi organ four day houston bombshel japan 's scienc technolog agenc announc intent form research consortium japanes compani univers govern lab A week later consortium place includ industri giant nec toshiba corp. nippon steel corp. mitsubishi electr corp. We 've gather leading-edg research superconduct japan say koji yamaguchi agenc offici overse research We need get everybodi togeth share inform decid move miti agenc pick fund nation project like one help japanes maker domin memori chip busi began move day announc It alreadi polish exist feasibl studi superconduct power plant plan work model built 1992 the object organ industri get jump west applic commerci huge new market say nihon keizai shimbun japan 's lead busi daili the earliest applic research say could superconduct comput chip would enabl creation shoe box-siz supercomput ibm u.s. compani abandon research 1983 chip call josephson junction devic partli complic cool helium that left nec hitachi miti lab refin technolog littl foreign competit for government-inspir organ japan 's research lab n't wait govern order heard news houston last month At univers tokyo mr. uchida sat research front larg period tabl element for hour debat element houston could possibl use while still guess rumor came phone materi fluoric student ran bought fluorin chemic for three day tri hundr combin found rumor fals act anoth tip houston materi dark green research mix plausibl chemic would becom green fire success the materi need fire black found later then news report said chines lab achiev superconduct 100 degre kelvin minu 173 degre celsiu use ceram ytterbium research attack the report prove wrong element yttrium iron univers tokyo lab later found coincid ytterbium work the lab patent discoveri final 2 a.m. march 1 got superconduct It other-worldli experi say prof. uchida they drank toast launch back anoth week experi time refin result ceram On march 8 announc purifi form On wednesday lab final took holiday meanwhil lab tohoko univers hokkaido univers govern research facil tokyo burst forth rapid-fir announc advanc superconduct they lab snatch ingredi superconductor fast shortag supplier run yttrium exampl lab must wait three week order fill prof. uchida 's lab flood call visit compani sumitomo electr industri ltd. research brought rudimentari wire made superconduct ceram engin toshiba fujitsu ltd. hitachi visit lab keep watch develop compani peopl convict th final real thing A lot start pick they see tha superconduct sure thing want get applic say rof uchida everybodi 's go steelmak cemic compani comput maker cement maker they 'll get appli say Of cours scientif commerci excit u.s. 's le frenet n't central control scientist say indic incipi breakthrough came earli april 1986 research ibm 's laboratori zurich switzerland report achiev superconduct new class materi metal oxid ceram thi galvan research throughout world By novemb japanes chines confirm ibm discoveri decemb scientist houston american telephon amp telegraph co. 's bell laboratori report import advanc new materi about 5,000 physicist jam ballroom hilton hotel new york wednesday night unpreced special session superconductor annual meet american physic societi they listen present 60 paper superconduct research done larg within last two three month although scientist u.s. univers domin program report ibm bell lab westinghous electr corp. exxon corp. well japanes chines canadian scientist the breakthrough gener tremend excit among bell lab scientist say robert A. laudis director laboratori inorgan chemistri branch usual research manag coach peopl mr. laudis note but case peopl come around differ disciplin want know anyth area say We 've lot peopl go without sleep mr. laudis say but agre ibm 's mr. armstrong 's still soon anyon settl specif applic superconductor We 're tri make specif devic system say bell lab research howev tri fabric variou superconduct materi experiment devic At wednesday 's ap meet display superconductor form flexibl ceram tape form harden shape fit superconduct devic when tri make thing challeng understand materi explain mr. laudis while mainli scientif race 're well awar competit aspect research say patent applic file rapidli possibl scientist n't alway disclos find open scientif meet note research gener electr co. 's big research develop center schnectadi n.y. agre 's soon jump industri competit anyon includ japanes In materi field event last sever week quit spectacular applic sens juri still much say michael jefferi manag center 's engin physic laboratori until recent GE lab n't group scientist work superconduct materi but 're tri confirm duplic result report mr. jefferi say guy donaruma vice presid research univers alabama huntsvil say government agenc privat concern shown keen interest univers 's superconduct research duplic houston breakthrough wherev I go around town somebodi buttonhol ask 're come along use mr. donaruma say some inquiri come space defens relat agenc area includ marshal space flight center u.s. armi missil command say some southern util also made inquiri regard possibl us applic effici mean transmit power add In palo alto calif. stanford univers recent announc breakthrough fabric superconduct thin film use electron devic news confer last week pack industri peopl sever scientist call inform use make superpow magnet use geolog research niel reimer director stanford 's technolog licens offic said howev n't field mani industri inquiri In japan howev compani alreadi sell convent superconduct wire u.s. begun crash program commerci new discoveri fujikura ltd. sumitomo electr exampl say develop rudimentari wire new ceram despit skeptic among scientist materi wo n't lend wiremak As maker 've got pick say sumitomo spokesman and 're move like u.s. counterpart japanes maker temper euphoria warn littl known new ceram superconductor tell materi commerci asid possibl problem form brittl ceram wire new superconductor still ca n't handl enough current use heavi applic power plant superconductor also n't work well altern current type electr use world 's power equip but japanes lab convinc solv problem next sever year now west made basic breakthrough say ball court It difficult take time say kasumasa togano govern scientist but 's precis japan 's lab maker edg still research admit twing hurt pride To honest 're follow footstep u.s. mr. togano say here origin come west We measur sad jerri E. bishop new york contribut articl 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
