<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870320-0063 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
A self-assur presid reagan vigor defend decis sell arm iran said would go road In first news confer four month mr. reagan last night appear aid said He confid field barrag question secret iran nicaragua polici remain command half-hour session the presid deni know profit iran arm sale divert nicaraguan rebel contra ask whether knew white hous aid direct privat aid contra acknowledg knew privat individu group aid insurg congress cut u.s. aid 1984 I n't believ counter law mr. reagan said the presid 's perform sharp contrast previou news confer nov. 19 appear defens unfamiliar detail iran polici dure earlier session mr. reagan repeatedli deni u.s. condon isra arm sale iran 1985 aid issu correct minut news confer end last night mr. reagan said simpli misspoken immedi direct aid set record straight ask initi told report foundat report u.s. secretli sold arm iran presid said tri save life american hostag lebanon iranian middleman believ help free At time mr. reagan said believ two hostag releas I 'm go tell falsehood american peopl said I 'll leav other On sever occas howev presid appear contradict vice presid georg bush commiss investig iran-contra affair ask whether mr. bush advis iran polici mr. reagan said No mr. bush campaign trip michigan last month told report express reserv iran arm polici key player administr mr. bush 's press secretari steve hart last night said presid 's statement n't contradict mr. bush 's februari comment mr. hart point mr. bush said sever occas support iran polici mr. hart would n't comment support presid 's comment squar reserv mr. bush said express although commiss head former sen. john tower R. texa report iranian paid far market valu u.s. tow anti-tank missil mr. reagan said u.s. ask 12 million cost profit weapon the tower commiss also report former nation secur advis robert mcfarlan testifi mr. reagan given advanc approv isra arm sale iran august 1985 telephon call last night mr. reagan said n't think 'd approv sale phone call erron recal mr. mcfarlan 's testimoni mr. reagan last night said former aid testifi approv given meet bethesda naval hospit follow presid 's colon cancer surgeri juli 1985 the tower commiss also report presid chang account whether approv isra sale advanc first say later say n't recal last night mr. reagan said approv sale could n't rememb but ask whether also could forgotten told fund iran arm sale divert contra repli Oh you would heard without open door offic I told time No and I still answer money the presid declin say whether thought former nation secur advis john poindext former nation secur council aid oliv north deceiv secretli funnel militari aid contra I n't know I want get bottom find happen said but defend hands-off manag tower board critic I think peopl busi would agre proper manag style mr. reagan said you get best peopl job then n't hang shoulder the time move 's incontrovert evid follow polici gone road achiev want earlier yesterday disclos shortli tri commit suicid last month mr. mcfarlan wrote letter lawyer leonard garment three lawmak assert saudi arabian ambassador u.s. secretli offer give 1 million month nicaraguan rebel 1984 mr. mcfarlan reveal offer made written testimoni last month tower commiss told offer report bank record made public month contra leader adolfo calero show insurg receiv 1 million month swiss bank account juli 6 1984 feb. 7 1985 24 million feb. 27 march 25 1985 saudi ambassador bandar bin sultan deni saudi offer aid contra the exist letter disclos yesterday washington post confirm mr. garment 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
