<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0040 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
salim B sandi lewi well-known arbitrag former special advis secur exchang commiss allegedli ask boyd L. jefferi manipul stock fireman 's fund corp. last year accord peopl familiar govern 's crimin civil case mr. jefferi the govern announc last week mr. jefferi resign thursday chairman lo angeles-bas jefferi group inc. secur firm agre plead guilti two feloni one relat alleg scheme manipul price fireman 's fund share prior secondari stock offer american express co. last may 9 the govern said mr. jefferi cooper investig In settl relat charg sec alleg mr. jefferi act pursuant agreement individu n't identifi bought huge block fireman 's fund near close trade day offer therebi boost price day offer mr. lewi individu refer govern peopl familiar case said hi name well firm s.b lewi amp co. appear subpoena relat transact issu govern friday mr. lewi could n't reach comment subpoena receiv american express fireman 's fund 's control sharehold former parent shearson lehman brother inc. co-manag secondari offer unit american express salomon brother inc. invest bank firm co-manag compani acknowledg also name subpoena randal D. smith amp co. small secur firm randal D. smith firm 's founder the govern seek determin whether anyon american express shearson lehman salomon brother ask mr. lewi set arrang mr. jefferi accord peopl familiar investig they said govern also probe rise price fireman 's fund share occur sever day earlier week public offer neither messrs. lewi smith anyon firm receiv subpoena charg wrongdo the govern said sec crimin investig matter continu mr. smith former partner bear stearn amp co. n't return phone call mr. jefferi lawyer peter H. morrison declin comment said mr. jefferi n't avail the probe 332 million fireman 's fund offer mark dramat widen govern 's probe wrongdo wall street not offer scrutini involv financi commun 's prestigi corpor first indic scandal spread takeov staid world corpor financ tradit heart invest bank mr. lewi 48 year old long close tie american express 's chairman jame D. robinson iii american express help launch mr. lewi 's arbitrag firm 1977 3 million invest mr. lewi help arrang american express 's acquisit investor diversifi servic inc. 1983 shearson 1981 s.b lewi amp co. earn 3.5 million fee shearson acquisit american express remain major investor mr. lewi 's firm mr. lewi often act inform advis mr. robinson matter corpor strategi mr. robinson declin comment relationship mr. lewi told colleagu never discuss anyth could character market manipul mr. lewi knew noth alleg manipul fireman 's fund share accord peopl familiar govern 's investig mr. lewi ask mr. jefferi boost price fireman 's fund share may 8 day schedul public offer fireman 's fund share rise sharpli sever day earlier begun fall offer approach mr. lewi agre reimburs mr. jefferi loss incur transact peopl said At near close trade day mr. jefferi purchas four larg block stock push price fireman 's share 38 least eighth point higher price otherwis would govern said mr. jefferi subsequ sold hold loss As agre mr. jefferi sent s.b lewi amp co. invoic 185,000 invest bank servic peopl said but mr. lewi ask anoth invoic 150,000 sent smith amp co. activ junk bond market smith amp co. subsequ paid sum jefferi amp co. record payment book incom peopl familiar fireman 's fund offer said mr. lewi formal role offer would direct incent engag market manipul risk capit reimburs jefferi amp co. american express would obviou beneficiari alleg scheme sinc offer price close market may 8 day public offer the offer underwritten firm commit basi mean price fix underwrit bore risk subsequ drop stock 's price mr. robinson said We know absolut wrongdo anybodi american express includ shearson lehman He said two law firm hire compani willki farr amp gallagh skadden arp slate meagher amp flom work weekend interview everybodi involv underwrit mr. robinson person friend mr. lewi mani year ad I would shock sandi anyth illeg A salomon brother spokesman said firm would compli subpoena receiv cooper fulli sec He ad firm knew noth govern investig offer last week 's announc within certain limit permiss underwrit stabil price secur public offer rel brief period offer made howev anyon manipul price secur offer made would illeg mr. lewi highli success maverick player wall street hi father salim lewi legendari wall street tycoon ran bear stearn death 1978 sandi lewi known equal intellectu brillianc excit volubl lack tact hire fire sever promin firm launch success oper dure 1977 becam special advis sec chairman harold william investor firm includ mr. william anoth former sec chairman roderick hill wife carla hill former secretari hous urban develop peopl wall street express unusu shock news mr. lewi implic mr. jefferi over year mr. lewi call strict complianc secur law adher highest ethic standard mr. lewi work briefli confess insid trader ivan F. boeski ever sinc urg report sec offici investig mr. boeski 's activ It mr. boeski implic mr. jefferi turn led investig mr. lewi 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
