<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0060 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
If west virginian want hear two differ view nation got trade mess get need listen two democrat u.s. senat It n't fault korean kid watch 'miami vice instead studi math sen. john D. rockefel IV tell chamber commerc audienc small ohio river commun We 're part problem american industri ca n't keep run govern relief but nearbi morgantown senat major leader robert C. byrd put blame well respons protect basic domest industri squar govern By failur govern come grip trade issu 've lost thousand job declar these differ underscor complex trade issu recent emerg rel obscur becom one major theme polit 1980 possibl princip issu 1988 elect As congress consid element major trade packag must grappl question face west virginian listen two senat whether seek quota tariff form import limit adopt limit approach primarili seek increas u.s. competit export major leader byrd take hard-lin view call quick action congress protect import-batt industri like steel textil shoe mr. rockefel harvard graduat speak japanes avid internationalist call american busi smarter volker jung presid siemen public switch system inc. unit siemen AG recent met lawmak trade issu sen. rockefel recal immedi began ask detail question differ u.s. west german educ system sen. byrd focus loss american job want know siemen 's goal u.s. add gari white presid west virginia coal associ rockefel tell u make sacrific make coal export competit byrd say want protect basic industri see keep fair share domest market the trade issu crucial west virginian cut sever direct the state 's major industri mine sever depress year steel petrochem glass job loss foreign competit high but surprisingli 20 west virginia produc sold abroad far 12 nation whole both west virginia 's senat integr involv congression debat trade As major leader explain sen. rockefel appoint financ committe good posit insid help mold legisl I 'm catalyst put togeth moreov agre trade legisl necessari articul gener goal state exampl believ biggest hope state 's futur lie high technolog We probabl bring somewhat differ perspect trade issu goal make countri competit strengthen economi west virginia sen. byrd say when talk turn specif dissimilar background viewpoint solut begin emerg We 've differ experi say sen. rockefel the differ experi mean talk trade differ way mr. byrd 69 year old product rural west virginia rais rel mother die work 12 year save enough money go colleg hi posit leader senat 's democrat made nation figur still identifi state 's rural larg unsophist populac In depress west virginia job preciou commod notion trade depriv peopl job power shape mr. byrd 's attitud On midweek visit state major leader stop coffe flatwood town 400 peopl along interst 79 smack middl state the owner local truck stop tell mr. byrd nearbi mill lost market barrel stave blame loss unfair trade practic foreign countri In respons senat talk need tough trade legisl make countri competit the next day mr. byrd host well-attend confer promot develop softwar valley state model california 's silicon valley the major leader tri persuad comput giant set shop state contribut technolog help basic industri west virginia modern becom competit By end daylong event senat obtain commit sever compani help project bell atlant corp. decid locat new software-develop center west virginia intern busi machin corp. agre lend execut run project sen. byrd 's push softwar valley consist tendenc worri first domest compani surviv look solut u.s. govern busi commun sen. rockefel hand promptli start look countri practic industri model improv trade pictur A scion one wealthiest famili countri 49-year-old mr. rockefel travel world extens live three year japan He first move west virginia anti-poverti worker decid stay start polit career eventu serv two term governor not surprisingli sen. rockefel often look japan solut west virginia 's econom problem He instrument bring japan 's sixth-largest steelmak nisshin steel co. state nisshin break ground 65 million plant joint ventur beleagu wheeling-pittsburgh steel corp. bring least 100 job At lunch kick joint ventur senat give japanes offici u.s. flag flew capitol To cheer japanes execut hold flag most u upbeat feel joint ventur say elain mcalpin craft director brook counti senior citizen center color overs japanes calendar tack behind desk It 's chanc get improv even worker believ harm foreign compani look compani help robert mcmakin coal worker laid 1983 bring resum sen. rockefel town meet fairmont public librari hope learn potenti job I 'm will work foreign compani say father two I feel foreign compani put work come countri pay american fair wage feed famili I 'm other voter reflect divis two senat At anoth town meet librari mcmechen south wheel overflow audienc steelwork retire other crowd among bookshelf voic fear sentiment strong form protect import when say 're world market 's unfair market put peopl work jame bosworth tell senat mayb build wall around A woman audienc call let 's boston tea parti throw japanes product ocean but voter think issu complex If becom protectionist cut nose spite face say charl beall secretary-treasur wellsburg lumber compani It could help steel would hurt coal sell countri the thing voter seem agre someth must done wherev either senat go state besieg issu I 've heard least five time rumor layoff sen. rockefel say So even job n't secur sen. byrd take pain reassur voter see trade pictur improv I n't intend presid continu declin say sen. rockefel though n't reassur In tini northern river town new cumberland pay visit john D. rockefel IV vocat center famili door knocker grace front entranc At center local TV camera crew ask messag area 's steelwork job there messag anyon give guarante surviv senat repli there 's guarante anyth global competit 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
