<DOC>
<DOCNO> WSJ870323-0041 <DOCNO>
<TEXT>
A coupl year back two businessmen make tri steal 36.5 million four bank save loan associ and without point gun anybodi actual made 13.5 million their .370 bat averag n't bad got caught the stori john A. grambl jr. robert H. libman one bizarr recent bank histori came light 1985 1986 manhattan district attorney 's offic new york investig prosecut partner court record interview investig bank offici show tale begin end 1984 messrs. grambl libman heard huski oil ltd. want sell u.s. refineri ga station tax reason their acquisit instinct arous two men set buy huski sell never mind broke huski 's ask price approach 100 million messrs. grambl libman n't well known busi world either though mr. grambl 's father presid texa bar associ famili promin El paso the partner scheme involv hit bank montreal 75 million with loan applic submit detail balanc sheet mr. libman 57 year old show net worth 23 million hi list asset rang 17.5 million market secur two jaguar xj6 valu 68,000 the bank refus 75 million agre lend mr. grambl 7.5 million interim financ offer collater 375,000 share Dr pepper stock market price 8,252,992 the share deliv bank the close mr. grambl 's loan took place dec. 28 1984 new york mr. grambl 's former employ lazard frere amp co. supposedli hold Dr pepper share mr. grambl 36 year old associ invest banker lazard the document assign stock bank montreal bore signatur peter corcoran longtim lazard partner robert wilki lazard vice presid At end loan close everyth seem order call place ivor hopkyn bank montreal offici handl loan canada and would releas 7.5 million mr. grambl mr. hopkyn want chat mr. corcoran mr. grambl said would get mr. corcoran 's phone number florida lazard offici vacat that done messrs. hopkyn corcoran spoke briefli mr. grambl got 7.5 million bank montreal n't yet possess promis collater term transact n't deliv bank jan. 22 1985 three week bank let money loos mr. grambl On jan. 15 ivor hopkyn phone mr. wilki lazard ask Dr pepper stock and mr. wilki seem irrit call He said first heard deal To constern mr. hopkyn convers went someth like accord men involv mr. hopkyn but sign loan agreement mr. wilki I n't sign agreement mr. hopkyn but I 've got document right front sign robert W. wilki mr. wilki you 've got problem My middl initi M W. mr. hopkyn alarm phone mr. corcoran lazard got anoth shock when heard voic realiz mr. corcoran talk sound like mr. corcoran phone florida the truth mr. grambl n't singl share Dr pepper the document forg signatur messrs. corcoran wilki the libman balanc sheet made whole cloth the peter corcoran ivor hopkyn phone florida realiti robert H. libman imperson befor day worri mr. hopkyn phone mr. grambl best reassur mr. grambl told administr foul-up hi Dr pepper share mistakenli transfer coronado bank El paso He promis straighten thing and gestur good faith volunt send bank montreal unschedul payment 2 million even though bank n't due get 8 million collater anoth seven day howev among fact mr. grambl fail disclos mr. hopkyn keep creditor bay spent nearli 7.5 million borrow le three week earlier and cours still face problem produc nonexist Dr pepper share the 2 million mr. grambl actual send bank montreal compound financi problem came proce 6 million loan obtain fraudul colorado nation bank denver initi mr. grambl ask colorado nation lend 100 million thoma foncannon colorado nation vice presid said affidavit loan 100 million quit bit larger bank comfort mr. grambl promptli lower sight He said interim financ requir huski oil deal bank could help which colorado nation came lend 6 million He got loan give bank person financi statement even fanci mr. libman 's the statement report total asset 40 million net worth 39 million annual incom 908,000 mr. foncannon said affidavit call sever bank inquir mr. grambl 's reput turn noth concern inde sever banker actual prais mr. grambl for instanc accord mr. foncannon charl worth vice presid arizona 's bank scottsdal character bank relationship mr. grambl super boy man john grambl alway popular In high school member speech team As undergradu southern methodist univers elect presid dormitori offic fratern He bright He earn m.b.a. degre wharton school financ A schoolmat character last person anyon would suspect fraud but banker win person go In least three instanc made loan repay ahead schedul He repaid 708,000 bank scottsdal 1.8 million american bank commerc El paso 418,000 first financi bank El paso these payment deplet 7.5 million borrow bank montreal 2.9 million made look like better risk what messrs. grambl libman ponzi scheme work like you fraudul obtain loan bank A you go bank B get anoth loan use bank B 's proce pay back debt bank A that keep creditor satisfi temporarili preserv credit rate foray bank C. brian rosner assist district attorney manhattan eventu prosecut messrs. grambl libman bank fraud say ponzi ploy It 's call rob peter pay paul long work long money come one know 's victim besid say No one complac banker repaid but bank montreal offici anyth complac instruct new york law firm shearman amp sterl alert manhattan district attorney 's offic possibl crime within jurisdict messrs. grambl libman thi warn came earli februari 1985 signal troubl two freeboot even though well way pull three swindl their target amount sought borrow steal first secur bank utah salt lake citi 8 million first interst bank denver 5 million secur save amp loan associ jackson miss. 10 million again mr. grambl use well-test techniqu separ banker money He doctor loan agreement document onc wildli misrepres net asset and got mr. libman new imperson telephon mr. grambl 's effort get million first secur bank came within whisker succeed He submit financi statement first secur attest own 358,600 share southern union co. stock share market valu nearli 10 million and offer stock usual n't truli collater To deceiv first secur set confer call bank 's loan committe mr. libman pose blair mullin actual offici bank montreal As addit collater loan committe accept fake mr. mullin 's assur utah bank would recours fund loan mr. grambl negoti bank montreal So assur first secur committe agre lend money but 11th hour first secur got lucki scott clark lawyer repres utah bank phone man supposedli ronald keenan presid coronado bank El paso mr. grambl bank busi mr. keenan portray occas unidentifi impostor mr. libman time mr. clark look agent hold 358,600 southern union share arrang deliveri salt lake citi ask current custodi stock mr. keenan repli local merril lynch offic certif mr. clark agre quickli merril lynch agent offic bank 's salt lake citi build would facilit deliveri stock that news jolt ersatz mr. keenan knew southern union stock figment He said better confirm merril lynch actual hold certif He hung call back shortli say mistaken the share hand e.f. hutton 's El paso offic mr. keenan said that fine mr. clark hutton also offic build At point mr. keenan said would check exactli share repos He made anoth call came back line news stock eppler guerin amp turner texa brokerag firm offic whatev utah hi suspicion arous mr. clark demand origin southern union stock certif sent directli when mr. grambl could n't deliv nonexist share first secur slip swindler noos A week later jim conov first secur offici remind close bank come lose 8 million He remark It 's like vietnam heard bullet whistl head mr. grambl went back well tri take first interst bank 5 million hi collater consist phoni southern union stock fals valu 5 million and came stage 10 million raid secur save amp loan mr. grambl offer 12 million bogu certif deposit that represent fals the certif exist mr. grambl 's xerox certif documentari proof exist forgeri said mr. rosner manhattan assist district attorney sworn statement the string ran mr. grambl mr. libman spring 1985 mr. rosner present evid uncov investig two partner On may 7 1985 new york counti grand juri indict mr. grambl 32 count bank fraud involv bank montreal colorado nation bank first secur bank utah first interst bank denver secur save amp loan associ jackson miss mr. libman indict two count conspiraci charg fraud charg new york counti got jurisdict case forg document bank montreal loan submit bank manhattan loan close initi messrs. grambl libman plead guilti then last octob trial new york state court grew near chang plea guilti mr. grambl said plea urg famili see yale univers psychiatrist week mr. libman drew six-month term new york 's riker island prison serv time four month time good behavior the short sentenc may reflect mr. libman 's subordin role mr. rosner describ memorandum court although mr. grambl lead actor mr. libman walk-on part mr. grambl yet sentenc He face maximum 20 year prison fine restitut could total 40.5 million but free bail mr. grambl busi usual turn expens two new bank victim It also embroil law last june coloni bank amp trust co. chicago close loan 350,000 mr. grambl secur phoni collater time american brand share suppos market valu 600,000 mr. grambl made 250,000 bank 's money coloni caught deni remain 100,000 mr. grambl struck fall took citytrust bridgeport conn. 450,000 loan secur 7 million blue-chip stock j.p. morgan gener motor rockwel intern ibm standard oil bogu there pose one robert E. smith jr. fictiti agent arizona businessman none money messrs. grambl libman obtain fraudul bank save institut ever recov though much money borrow one lender later repaid anoth bank montreal exampl repaid 2 million end got stuck 5.5 million colorado nation bank n't repaid 6 million lent In decemb connecticut bank amp trust co. hartford ponder whether lend 450,000 robert E. smith jr. turn mr. grambl undaunt mr. grambl approach great american first save bank san diego again misrepres owner ibm share offer collater 350,000 loan thi time gambit disastr On jan. 5 mr. rosner receiv intern memo coloni bank defraud mr. grambl six month earlier He yet charg coloni bank case the memo date dec. 31 1986 said mr. grambl call coloni day say great american first san diego He announc borrow 350,000 would wire coloni bank 250,000 owe the coloni memo end He continu amaz mr. rosner promptli phone san diego bank warn fraud progress four day later mr. grambl enter great american first expect get 350,000 instead arrest fbi agent imperson loan offic unabl make bail 2 million mr. grambl jail san diego plead guilti feder bank-fraud charg involv great american first loan sentenc today feder charg u.s. district court southern district california then flown new york sentenc state april 1 bank messrs. grambl libman defraud tri defraud offer variou explan none swindl happen mr. clark attorney first secur bank utah narrowli escap scam lay blame competit trust bank highli competit tri place good loan say In mr. grambl 's case came bank compani execut huski oil refineri salt lake citi mr. grambl hope buy that associ respect mr. grambl 's nice social grace gave credibl first secur there 's enorm amount money bank want lend mr. clark say In new york want lend brazil In smaller citi like lend local refineri A banker fall scheme consent interview condit name would n't publish say two idea avoid futur rip-off We tighten intern guidelin sure know borrow He say mani year banker grown accustom deal honest peopl 99 time the bank system say built trust and person intent bank fraud go get done As mr. grambl He compel wear bell around neck jame bussitil lawyer bank montreal said interview modern bank system suscept fraud bank basic oper basi trust We made standard check noth turn grambl peter A. manson senior vice presid bank montreal prais dilig account manag bring light mr. grambl 's fraud He said incid remind bank expect bank need know custom At end spree mr. grambl hoist petard the great american first loan offic nab turn fbi agent thu teacher taught lesson busi teach banker bewar impostor 
</TEXT>
</DOC>
